**Pro tip:** When using packages in your project, you will want to import only the parts that you need. For example, instead of importing the entire `lodash` library, you can import only the `map` function by using `import { map } from 'lodash'`. Then our bundler can trace the dependencies and only include the needed parts. This keeps the bundle lean, and it makes it clear which parts of the library we are using. This is called **tree-shaking** as the bundler shakes off the parts of the library that we don't need.

**Extra pro tip:** There are tools, such as [Bundlephobia](https://bundlephobia.com/), that can help you analyze the size of a package and its dependencies. This can help you decide whether a package is worth installing or not, at least in terms of its size.

---

**Note:** We will use Vue 3 and its Composition API in this module. You might still encouter Vue 2 tutorials and its Options API in the wild, so make sure you check that the tutorial is for Vue 3 and its Composition API.

---

{{ add examples of recommended rules }}

---

## Styling with SCSS (1 hour)

You might already be familiar with SCSS as it was briefly covered in the HTML/CSS sprint. Now, we will encourage you to use SCSS in your Vue project.

As a brief reminder, SCSS is a preprocessor scripting language that gets compiled into CSS. It allows you to use variables, nested rules, mixins, functions, and more, which can make your CSS more maintainable and extendable. You will not need to use most of these features in this module, but we encourage to adopt at least a few of them in situations where they would improve code readability.

Watch this [SCSS tutorial](...) to get a basic understanding of SCSS syntax and features.

**Pro tip:** are you tired of writing your media queries and break points manually?

{{ add link to a mixin that generates media queries }}

Now, dip your toes into SCSS by doing the following:

- Install and configure SCSS in your Vue project
- Refactor the given CSS code into SCSS:

```css
{{ add CSS code }}
```

## CSS Styling rules (1 hour)

Just like with JavaScript and ESLint, you can use style guides to ensure that your CSS is consistent and valid.

- Install [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) in your Vue project
- Configure stylelint to use the following rules:
  - {{ add recommended rules }}

