1. Count all movie titles that have been released between 2005 (inclusive) and 2015 (exclusive).
2. List the names of the 10 oldest people and how many years have passed since they were born in the current year. Do not include people who do not have a birth year.
3. List all the people who have the first name "Quentin", but they are not "Quentin Tarantino". You can assume that names start with a first name.
4. Count all the times that Martin Scorsese directed.
5. List star names and the number of movies they have appeared in of stars that have appeared in at least 300 movies.
6. List all the movies directed by Frank Darabont and their release years. Order the results by the movie's release year in descending order.
7. Write a query which lists all movie titles where Scarlett Johansson and Chris Evans starred together.
8. List all the movies having a rating above 8.5 that feature a star born after 2005. Order the list by the movie's rating descending order. You shold return the movie title, rating and the star's name. A movie can have multiple stars, which means that a movie can appear multiple times in the result set.
9. Write a Node.js script that reads the local `.env` file to get a `FAVORITE_DIRECTOR` variable and access the movie database. The script should return a list of all movies directed by the favorite director. The list should be ordered by movie rating in descending order. Add a local `.env` file to your project and add the `FAVORITE_DIRECTOR` variable to it.
10. Barbenheimer. In 2023, Christopher Nolan and Greta Gerwig each released a new movie. These movies already exist in the database, but they have no ratings. Write a single query to add a rating to one of these movies. For these movies, you can assume there is only one movie with the same title and year in the database.
11. Do starting letters correlate with the average movie rating? List movie title starting letters and an average rating associated with them. Ignore non latin uppercase letters.
12. Write a Node.js script that takes a movie title and year as a command-line argument. Print an error message if a movie with the same title and year already exists in the database. If it does not exist, add a new row for the movie and its rating (null rating, 0 votes) to the database. If any query fails, roll back your changes. If queries succeed, print the new movie ID to the console. Use query parameters.
