1. What is scalability in the context of web development?
a) Ensuring the website works on at various resolution scales
b) Ensuring the website displays the page quickly
c) Ensuring the website can handle an increasing number of users or requests
d) Ensuring the website is accessible to all users
Correct: c) Ensuring the website can handle an increasing number of users or requests
Topic: Scalability and Security
Difficulty: Basic
Resource: Scalability and Security

2. What is the purpose of HTTPS?
a) To increase the speed of the website
b) To allow the website to handle more users
c) To secure the communication between the user's browser and the server
d) To make the website more accessible to users
Correct: c) To secure the communication between the user's browser and the server
Topic: HTTP, SSL, and TLS
Difficulty: Basic
Resource: HTTP, SSL, and TLS

3. When working with performance optimization, why is it important to measure before optimizing?
a) To ensure that you are making the most impactful optimizations and not what is easiest
b) To make sure your website is accessible to all users
c) To ensure that your website can handle a large number of users
d) To ensure that your website is secure
Correct: a) To ensure that you are making the most impactful optimizations
Topic: Performance Optimization
Difficulty: Advanced
Resource: Performance Optimization

4. How can your browser be sure that your website has a trusted SSL/TLS certificate?
a) The browser checks if the SSL/TLS certificate is signed by the same company that owns the domain.
b) The browser checks if the public key in the certificate matches the public key of the domain.
c) The browser uses a public registry of all valid SSL/TLS certificates to verify trustworthiness.
d) The browser has a list of trusted certificate authorities and only trusts certificates signed by them.
Correct: d) The browser has a list of trusted certificate authorities and only trusts certificates signed by them.
Topic: HTTP, SSL, and TLS
Difficulty: Basic
Resource: [How TLS Works?](...)

5. What is a reverse proxy?
a) A server that caches the responses from the server on the client's end
b) An in-between server that reduces the proximity between the client and the server
c) A server that forwards client requests to another server behind it
d) A server that hides the IP address of incoming requests through a proxy
Correct: a) A server that forwards client requests to another server behind it
Topic: Optional: NGINX and Express configuration
Difficulty: Basic
Resource: [NGINX and Express configuration](...)

6. What does caching refer to in the context of web development?
a) Compressing website assets (via gzip) to reduce load times.
b) Sharing data between multiple servers for faster data access.
c) Storing data temporarily to speed up subsequent access to that data.
d) Minifying JavaScript, CSS and HTML files to reduce load times.
Correct: c) Storing data temporarily to speed up subsequent access to that data.
Topic: Performance Optimization
Difficulty: Basic
Resource: [Performance Optimization](...)

7. Out of the provided logging levels, which is the most granular (i.e. provides the most detail)?
a) Error
b) Warn
c) Debug
d) Info
Correct: c) Debug
Topic: Logging
Difficulty: Basic
Resource: https://betterstack.com/community/guides/logging/nodejs-logging-best-practices/

8. What happens when one of the Promises inside of `Promise.all` is rejected?
a) The value of the rejected Promise is an Error object.
b) The value of the rejected Promise is undefined.
c) The value of the rejected Promise is null.
d) The entire Promise.all call is rejected.
Correct: d) The entire Promise.all call is rejected.
Topic: Performance Optimization
Difficulty: Basic
Resource:

9. Services, such as Sentry are used for:
a) Continuous integration and deployment.
b) Real-time error tracking and management.
c) Web traffic load balancing.
d) Static type checking in JavaScript.
Correct: b) Real-time error tracking and management.
Topic: Error Management
Difficulty: Basic
Resource:

10. In terms of scalability, what is the difference between vertical and horizontal scaling?
a) Vertical scaling refers to database scaling, while horizontal scaling refers to server scaling
b) Vertical scaling involves adding more power to an existing machine, while horizontal scaling involves adding more machines
c) Vertical scaling is about increasing the number of users, while horizontal scaling is about increasing the number of transactions
d) Vertical scaling refers to increasing server capacity, while horizontal scaling refers to increasing server storage
Correct: b) Vertical scaling involves adding more power to an existing machine, while horizontal scaling involves adding more machines
Topic: Scalability and Security
Difficulty: Basic
Resource: [Scalability and Security](...)
