- Welcome

Nuo vieno žmogaus prasideda ir eina vienas po kito.

Akvilė:
- Aptarimas final projekto
- Unit tests
- More STL slots
- Prompt engineering
- Every person nominates the next

Giedrius po tam tikrų pakomentuoja.

Ufuk:
- Tensorflow
- AI model for spotify songs
- With Spotify + Shazam, OAuth
- External libraries for identifying songs
- Already web development.
- ANSWER: Yes. You're encouraged to make websites mobile-first and then, desktop-friendly. That way mobile view does not get overlooked and you won't shoot yourself in the foot by adapting layouts that don't scale down to smaller screens.

Evaldas:
- Bootstrap (components), Tailwind (uses utilities).
- What is the most common approach? Custom CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind.
  - CSS/Sass is still the most common approach. Of course, writing everything to CSS files is no longer the most common approach as component-based architecture is the most important part.
  - Build tools could automate a lot of steps, from minification, browser support through polyfills, etc.
  - SPAs, then it depends on the framework. React (styled-components or writing CSS through JS), Angular, Vue or Svelte (SCSS).
  - When talking about frameworks, Boostrap still dominates the market, though Tailwind is the new kind on the block.
  - Bootstrap themes.

Zydrunas:
- Next sprints:
  - Front-end
    - Web, HTML, CSS
    - Javascript, interacting with DOM
    - Front-end frameworks, specifically Vue, linting, build tools, data persistance, due to its more forgiving learning curve
    - Advanced front-end tools, build tools, & CI/CD
  - Back-end
  - Specialisation

Adil:
- Endorsement starts when Core parts are finished.

Mehmet:
- skimmed new sprint
- storing objects. Deleting object in the middle. Splicing? Highest ID. Every ID is unique. Separate counter.

Dorota:
- learned a lot from Luka
- Endorsements? WTF is that?
- Other languages:
  - C, not in web dev
  - Go, microservices
  - Rust, web assembly
  - JS, Python, PHP for back-end
  - TypeScript, JS -> TS
  - React, Next.js

Question:
- Why do you think companies prefer hiring junior developers?

Giedrius:
- How to apply something at least slightly beyond the course.
- Smaller set of polished features.

Opinionated.

Question:
- Module 1 Capstone. UI.
