Mine:

- worked on the sprint 3, it should drop "soon"
- in it we will upgrade our stack and our tools to something that is in some regards close to a professional coding environment
- I think the main evolution in the way that it is structured, involves more proverbial hand-holding than the JavaScript sprint, as we will hoping as frogs in the pond from our current "stack" to a more advanced one in multiple steps, expect to have like 10 new project folders
- nothing new in the language itself, so in my opinion it should be easier than the JavaScript sprint
- it will also include a bit more on how to structure your applications, which I think will be a night and day difference compared to how your applications looked like in the JavaScript sprint
- right now it's practically the way I'd expect it to be, mostly. Projects right now are suffering from various problems that will be precisely addressed in the next sprint.

Question:

- When translating your knowledge from Python to JavaScript, which differences are the most difficult to grasp?

:::

Attendance:

- Andro
- Evaldas
- Akvilė
- Eyob

Standups:

Andro:

- lack of material for some topics
- started vanilla JavaScript course
- done with the project
- Question: is this sprint double correction?

Evaldas:

- not easy week, quite challenging
- it was really good that it was Tic Tac Toe
- Speed typing test, quite a bit smoother
- Question: how will we store business logic? Is front-end logic will bleed out to components?
- peer + STL

Akvilė:

- working on typing test: started doing it one way, then had to change it. Do not use forEach.
- Questions:
  1. How should we calculate `wpm`? Is it OK to just count correctly typed words?
  2. What to do with spaces?
  3. How to return a value from an event listener?
- peer + STL

Eyob:

- Not good time past 2 weeks due to personal issues. Received an extension.
- Wants to finish it this week and get a correction.
- Question: Does DOM have a data structure? What kinds of algorithms are used for DOM manipulation?

---

- Are we going to be able to use classes for storing business logic when writing code using frontend frameworks?
- What’s an appropriate way to calculate wpm? Can spaces be ignored?
- How to return value from a function that is a parameter for an event listener?
- What kind of algorithim does the DOM uses to manipulate the HTML Nodes?
