Standup:

- worked on sprint 4 material, building on top of sprint 3 while trying to allocate enough examples and exercises to get everyone up to speed with what would be needed for the capstone project
- one time sink was researching on various testing philosophies and approaches. Testing has a lot more diverging opinions than just implementing features.
- the issue is there are a lot of different approaches and rules of thumb when it comes to testing. I think I spent too much time on trying to find the "right" way to do it. I have some strong opinions on testing, but I would rather present you with an objective picture.
- most developers have the wrong idea about testing.
- in some areas, there is a difference between what is being used in the industry for old projects and new projects

Question:

- How can you ensure that your application code is of high quality?

:::

Attendance:

- Liis
- Andro
- Dorota
- Evaldas
- Eyob
- Akvilė

Standups:

Liis:
- Reusable functions in JS
- Question: What is Vue mixin?

Andro:
- Struggling with a few Vue concepts.
- Vue 3 tutorial. Took down the rabbit hole how Vue utilizes it.
- Proxy object.
- Questions:
  - How can I balance between colocation and single responsibility principle?
  - What is excessive colocation?

Dorota:
- Liked colocation. Organized code.
- Studied event loop.
- Questions:
  - How do you manage layouts in Vue?

Evaldas:
- Working on the project.
- Question:
  - Is there a reason for Vite over Create Vue App scaffolding tool?

Eyob:
- Question: Can you describe Tailwind?

Akvilė:
- Prefer linting tools.
- Read the material in advance. Technical language in the Vue tutorial.
- Question: What should we take away from the Vue tutorial?

---

Question log:

- What are Vue mixins? In which cases are they useful?
- How can I achieve a balance between colocation and the single responsibility principle in terms of file size and code complexity so that my code does not become unmanageable?
- What constitutes excessive colocation?
- How to create "global" CSS styling rules for the entire application (the elements' relationship towards each other, the font etc.) in a Vue project/a colocation-focused project?
- We have 2 options to scaffold vue app: vite, create vue. Should we use create vue from now on or is there a reason to use vite to scaffold projects?
- How to use tailwind in the right way without complicating the styling of the UI? If this related with structure of files, can you share the efficient file structure mechanisim to use?
- What we should have learned about Vue syntax from part 2?
- What makes application code of high quality?
