Standup:

- had to fix some issues with one of my clients. They had some issues with an API from some Chinese hardware company API. They just decided to change the API without any notice. There were tools setup for mimicking user's view.
Good thing that there was error monitoring in place so it was possible to know the specifics of the issue. Which user, doing what in what page. I had to fix the issue and then deploy the fix to production.
- So monitoring is one of the parts that is not particularly well covered yet. We are not expecting you to become Dev/Ops engineers.

- worked exercise-heavy sprint 4 material
- had some issues picking the right tools for learning.
  - In some cases that would mean going with "cutting-edge" tools that are more future-proof and usually, easier to learn, though less well-documented in the edge cases.
  - In other cases, that would mean going with more established tools that are more well-documented, but often more difficult to learn or simply not very pleasant to work with.

<!--
there was some work throughout the week but that was rather easy as the core functionality in a project is reasonably well-tested so adding new features is not that difficult. I rememeber back in the day making any decent change to the system would require me sitting in front of the computer just making sure things work.
-->

Question:

- What are the limitations of SPA applications? What are the best use cases for SPA applications?
-

:::

Attendance:

- Akvilė
- Eyob
- Evaldas
- Liis

Standups:

Liis:

- Working on exercises.
- Question: Default linting vs Custom needs?

Evaldas:

- Computed properties bug. Vue does not guarantee that property is going to be updated immediately.
- Question: Easy way to tell Vue when it should re-evaluate properties?

Eyob:

- Getting used to Vue.
- Question: How is Vue different from other front-end frameworks? Which one is better? State management?

Akvilė:

- Got confusing, difficult to grasp single-file components.
- Managed to complete almost all exercises.
- Question: What are computed properties and props?

---

Question log:

- What are Vue mixins? In which cases are they useful?
- How can I achieve a balance between colocation and the single responsibility principle in terms of file size and code complexity so that my code does not become unmanageable?
- What constitutes excessive colocation?
- How to create "global" CSS styling rules for the entire application (the elements' relationship towards each other, the font etc.) in a Vue project/a colocation-focused project?
- We have 2 options to scaffold vue app: vite, create vue. Should we use create vue from now on or is there a reason to use vite to scaffold projects?
- How to use tailwind in the right way without complicating the styling of the UI? If this related with structure of files, can you share the efficient file structure mechanisim to use?
- What we should have learned about Vue syntax from part 2?
- What makes application code of high quality?
