Standup:

1. Finished and submitted sprint 4 material. It will introduce a few large concepts but you will have some leeway in how much you will take away for the capstone project.

2. During the corrections, I noticed a few common issues in our batch and other batches. So I added some exercises to at least get you thinking about them. At the end of the day it's still not as thorough as I would like it to be but at some point, I need to draw the line and not make too many assumptions on what you will need or what you will find easy or difficult.

3. In a sense, instead of trying to forsee what will be easy or hard for you, it's better to release and gather feedback from this trailblazer group. So when you find a particular part interesting, fun or unbearable, let me know immediately. You have the privilege and the burden of being the first ones to go through this material. I will try to be as responsive as possible to your feedback. Except for the upcoming week, I'm off to a vacation.

<!--
There was some work throughout the week but that was rather easy as the core functionality in a project is reasonably well-tested so adding new features is not that difficult. I rememeber back in the day making any decent change to the system would require me sitting in front of the computer just making sure things work. Nowadays, there is testing, monitoring, rollbacks, automatic maintenance windows, etc.
-->

Question:

There are two problematic I still notice and I would like to hear your thoughts on them:
1. How do you organize views and components?
2. When to use computed vs watch? Which should you prefer?

:::

Attendance:

- Ufuk
- Akvilė
- Evaldas
- Andro
- Eyob

Standups:

Evaldas:

- Mostly on finishing the sprint project. Trying to figure out certain things.
- I recently got both corrections.
- Questions:
  - How do you approach E2E tests?
  - Wouldn't that complicate our program?

Ufuk:

- At the beginning it was a mess.
- Question: Trying to change a value of a computed property. Should we avoid using computed properties for this reason?

Akvilė:

- I was learning JavaScript.
- Vue seems like a whole different language.
- I still lack knowledge in the basics. Experimenting and seeing what works and what doesn't.
- State management challenge.
- Question: What is the difference between views and components?

Andro:

- mainly focus on getting past the project. Very overwhelming. Countless hours trying to debug.
- Took 2 days on the documentation.
- Looking to React? Nothing new in React. One way data flow. Custom hooks, etc. JSX.
- Question: What are the key differences export default and instantiating a new Vue instance?

Eyob:

- Finished all of the parts, started working on another project.
- Built Node.js + React TS FE.
- I am not liking Vue that much. Read the docs, easier than React. I can not focus and think outside of React.
- Went through some designs.
- Question: Some explanation on the general design?

---

Question log:

-
