Standup:

1. Started the sprint 1 material. Back-end (Node, SQL, back-end frameworks, deployments). Laid out more or less how the module will look like.
The one issue, which is usually an underdiscussed issue in the industry, is that a big chunk of the problems
are not technical, but rather organizational or constraints of the real world. For example, I won't be able to
structure the module the way I would like due to some organizational/maybe even legal constraints.

Question:

There are two problematic I still notice and I would like to hear your thoughts on them:
<!-- 1. How do you organize your shared state, especially, when using stores? -->
1. How writing tests changes how you write your code?

:::

Attendance:

- Eyob
- Andro
- Evaldas
- Akvilė

Standups:

Evaldas:

- Finished on the theory. Store results in a Pinia store. Assign types.
  Building something with movies.
- Questions:
  - Mention on hosting the app. How to prevent users from seeing API keys?

Akvilė:

- Pushed herself. No idea yet.
- Question:
  - E2E testing part. Where should we place tests to test errors?
    - integration tests
    - unit files

Andro:

!! Using Cypress.

- Cypress for E2E testing. Dealing with callbacks and Promises. Eliminates a lot of the flakiness. Mocking API calls. Vanilla Vue.
- Question:
  - In a SPA how should you account for route changes?

Eyob:

- Spent most of the time brainstorming.
- Question:
  - When I reviewed resources, Jest is also used. What are any differences between Jest and Vitest?

---

Question log:

-
