Standup:

1. Time is limited by multiple projects.
2. Finishing up stuff with the back-end material. I think I way overestimated the amount of work necessary for a hands-on project.

Slightly shifting priorities in favor of SQL. Went through the material with Giedrius, and we want to add a few more interesting elements where you need to interact with applications, repositories, AI agents and so on. But that takes too much time to not slow down the course. So the upcoming sprint will feature you dealing with databases and a few interviews. I hope we will get finish it in time.

Question:
- How would you host your web application on your machine so that it is accessible from the internet?
RIP not answered.

:::

Attendance:

- Liis
- Luca
- Evaldas
- Akvilė
- Eyob

Standups:

## Liis
-
- Question: `e2e` tests with Vite?

```ts
/* vitest.config.ts */
export default mergeConfig(
  viteConfig,
  defineConfig({
    test: {
      environment: 'jsdom',
      exclude: [...configDefaults.exclude, 'e2e/*'],
      root: fileURLToPath(new URL('./', import.meta.url))
    }
  })
)
```

NOTE: for these small technical issues, I would encourage you to ask in personally or in Discord. I would prefer to spend our time on more philosophical questions.

## Luca

- NOTE: "TypeScript gymnastics" article
- NOTE: love how you are trying out TDD
- Question: Express and client-side routes?

## Akvilė

- Tired of the project.
- NOTE: The point of the tests is to FAIL.
- Question:
  - What could we expect in the back-end sprint part?

## Evaldas

NOTE: if you have an insufficient data structure, it's perfectly fine to point out it during a correction.
- Finished with the peer correction. Trying to fix them. Postponed tests.
- Questions:
  - Syncing types. How to do it?
    - Monorepo
    - GraphQL
    - tRPC + Zod

## Eyob:

-
- Question:
  - Struggling with testing. Front-end testing unit testing. Jest. Get element by ID. So that's the integration test.
  - For UI, using Vuetify. I don't know what to test?
  - For unit tests, stores, unique functionality that can be encapsulated in a function.
  - Try to abstract away your interactions with localStorage and DOM. Then test everything in-memory.
  - Or you could write an integration test. Jest / Vitest same thing. Testing library.

---

Question log:

-
