Standup:

0. Got through a bunch of corrections.
1. Started working on the 2nd sprint.
2. Finally there are a few more STLs that can review the capstones. I do not recommend speedrunning the SQL sprint as then you'll need to stop and wait for while.
3. There were 2 primary issues:
- thinking about some high-level concepts.
- we are going to do more testing.

Lots of issues finding good approaches and even the right mindset to testing.

There are resources that are rather advanced that go for multiple hours and you would need to watch like 4 of those to get the right idea. I would like to present it in an hour or two tops.

- So if anyone has any issues, I recommend going to open sessions with JTLs.

- Also, if anyone wants to join the Turing College fitness challenge, there is still time.

My question:

<!--
- When is it the right time to refactor?

Supply / Demand.

Your ability and your need to do it.

--> When is your ability the highest?
--> When do you need to do it? If you need to reach some destination and there is a plane there. How badly to you need to get on that plane?
-->

Questions:


:::

Attendance:

- Evaldas
- Andro
- Liis
- Akvilė
- Luca

Standups:

## Evaldas

Issues with Part 4 project structure. Better-sqlite3 package. Exercise was structured in a difficult to understand way.

Question:
  - How do you approach working on larger project that has limited documentation?

## Andro

Continued on the capstone. Issues around API rate limiting (429). Used Firebase. Designing database, authentication, etc. Ended up diving into docs and figured out. Now, a better understand of all tools used.

- Questions:
  - No question.

## Luca

Working on 3.1. Overall, the feeling was that the 4th part was way harder than the previous parts. It got harder from the Node.js perspective.

- Questions:
  - When you encounter a new codebase that is quite overwhelming, what is the best approach to start working on it?

## Liis

- Feeling kind of same like Luca. It is way more complex and difficult. Really enjoyed the small exercises - SQL Zoo, finding the thief.
- Questions:
  - What are some common challenges when building database schemas? Are there any differences when building small ones or larger databases?
  -> Changing requirements or refined understanding of the real-world.
  -> Data integrity. Normalization.
  -> Access control.
  -> Optimization. Denormalization, caching, replication, sharding.

## Akvilė

- Now in part 3. Really liked the small exercises, especially the Fiftyville. Still in the easy part. Slightly anxious about the upcoming part.
- Questions:
  - How to backup databases in real world?

---

Question log:

- How do you approach working on larger project that has limited documentation?
- When you encounter a new codebase that is quite overwhelming, what is the best approach to start working on it?
- What are some common challenges when building database schemas? Are there any differences when building small ones or larger databases?
- How to backup databases in real world?
