Standup:

1. Goal for this week is to finish the 2nd BE sprint, unless everyone and their mom asks for a correction.
2. Finally more STLs are taking the capstone project corrections.
3. Issues balancing client work and Turing College.
4. Still the main issue is lacking resources around testing, especially. Or resources that has a wide enough understanding of various coding paradigms.
  - REST/CRUD/Express.js
  - Query builders
  - testing (class vs functions)
  - mocking

My question:
- When is it the right time to refactor?

Supply/Demand:
- Demand: Cost of refactoring. Increases over time. Cost of refactoring
- Supply: Your ability to refactor. Fluctuates over time, though it tends to decrease over time.
- Priority: Depends on everything else.

--> When is your ability the highest?
--> When do you need to do it? If you need to reach some destination and there is a plane there. How badly to you need to get on that plane?

Questions:

:::

Attendance:

- Luca
- Akvilė
- Evaldas
- Liis
- Eyob
- Dorota

Standups:

## Evaldas

- Busy week on my end. Happy that I managed to speedrun through the material. In the last part. Common table expressions.
- Not enough time to go through all exercises.

**Note:** Yes.

Question:
  - Is it possible to view sqlite query cost? Something similar to Postgresql EXPLAIN ANALYZE?

  Additional question: What should be included in code submission?
  * Excercises (prepared for other students)
  * Solutions to excercises

  - Answer: EXPLAIN QUERY PLAN. You have to enable it first with `.eqp on`. There are also some other options with PRAGMA queries.

## Luca

Went on a hackathon. Event didn't made too much sense. Spent 3 days building, brainstorming and learning from each other. Lots of merge conflicts. Built a simple API in Express with SQLite. Front-end in Vue.

**Note:** Had some ideas about introducing some colloborative tasks through GitHub for the coursework. However, there are lots of issues with automating that.

- Questions:
  - Is it good to have business logic executed in your database, or is it better to keep everything in the application layer? What are the pros and cons of both approaches?
  -> + Efficiency, Data integrity for Atomic operations
  -> - Scalability, Coupling, Flexibility

## Liis

- Week was quite hard.
- Questions:
  - In real life if you come across data in a database that appears to be incorrect or suspicious, what steps would you take to validate its authenticity? And how would you proceed if the data is indeed found to be incorrect?

## Akvilė

- Trying to solve things on my own.
- Feedback: lots of new concepts, quite hard to learn everything.
- Questions:
  - If all tests pass, can hands on project be considered done? (Without additional challenges)

## Eyob

  - Question:
    - Lots of data flow. Can you use shared hosting for that?

## Dorota

- Questions:
  - What are the possible use cases of SQL clients?

---

Question log:

- Is it good to have business logic executed in your database, or is it better to keep everything in the application layer? What are the pros and cons of both approaches?
- If all tests pass, can hands on project be considered done? (Without additional challenges)
- In real life if you come across data in a database that appears to be incorrect or suspicious, what steps would you take to validate its authenticity? And how would you proceed if the data is indeed found to be incorrect?
- Is it possible to view sqlite query cost? Something similar to Postgresql EXPLAIN ANALYZE?
- What should be included in code submission?
- What is shared hosting? And what kind of projects do you suggest to deploy using shared host services? In addition to that there are different domain names (.com, .net, etc) hosting services gives different price tags for all of them and .com is the lowst price. So, is there any technical differences between them and how do you choose the right one (other than the obvious reason)?
- What are the possible use cases of SQL clients?
- When is it the right time to refactor?