Standup:

1. Since today, other STLs are over the capstone project corrections, so I hope that I will have more time to focus on the BE.
2. Goal for this week is to finish the 2nd BE sprint, unless everyone and their mom asks for a correction.
<!-- 3. Issues balancing client work and Turing College. -->
4. Still the main issue is lacking resources around testing, especially. Or resources that has a wide enough understanding of various coding paradigms.
  - REST/CRUD/Express.js
  - Query builders
  - testing (class vs functions)
  - mocking

My question:
- What do you want to test and what you do not want to test?

Questions:

:::

Attendance:

- Kristjionas
- Gediminas
- Emna
- Oleksandr
- Katya

Standups:

## Kristjionas

- Queries are quite quite overwhelming.
- Questions:
  - [Data modeling]
  - Question after the standup.

## Gediminas

- Missed a couple of standups.
- Liked TDD, writing tests first.
- Questions:
  - Can I use Next.js or React framework for the capstone project?

**Note:** We will still spend some time on TDD in the Back-end.

## Emna

- Finished capstone project. Managed to get a peer correction.
- Questions:
  - Issues with image performance. How to improve it?
  - Compression?

## Oleksandr

- Participated in a hackathon.
- Questions:
  - If you want to deploy your application, what would you use?

## Katya

- Finished capstone project. Quite a few people got stuck on SQL.
- Questions:
  - Would you be interested in doing open session on a topic, only about SQL? A session later this week.

---

1. Can you use other frameworks for the capstone project for module 2 other than Vue js?
2. How to compress images to offer the best/fastest UX?
3. When you want to deploy an app, which service would you use?
4. What do you want to test and what you do not want to test?
5. [JTL] Would you be interested in an open session about SQL, designed like a practical coding session?

---

Question log:

- Hosting on GitHub (render.com)
- Problems with Node.js + SQL being together
- In material, some practical things were not quite covered.
