Standup:

0. Thank Katya for the SQL session. I had a student who was in your session and I definitely think that helped. I think we should consider having recorded sessions even.
1. Finalizing the 2nd BE sprint, going through WD 3 corrections. Having issues nailing down the difficulty level. So, still quite uncertain whether the next jump in difficulty will be too much. A live session would possibly help a lot here, but I am starved for time.
2. It will include lots of hands-on practice. Just a long 70 hour hands-on.
3. After that I will need to switch to another project to deal with project estimation and planning, so I will need to figure out a way on how to get the material in some quicker manner.

My question:
- With what types of exercises do you learn best?
<!-- - When you might prefer a NoSQL database over a SQL database? -->

Questions:

:::

Attendance:

- Kristijonas
- Gediminas
- Oleksandr
- Katya

Standups:

## Kristijonas

-
- Questions:
  - Best resources for SQL?

- Small hands-on. Large hands-on are quite overwhelming.
- Snippets are the best.

## Gediminas

- My past week was interesting, was working on my capstone. Had an STL review, went great, went great. Will be done with the 2nd module.
- Questions:
  - How many solid projects do you need in your portfolio for applying for a job?

- Enjoys smallest problems.
- I enjoy the NASA APOD exercise. And you need to test your TypeScript knowledge, it was decent.

## Oleksandr

- Will join on the next.
- Questions:
  - A good prefered language to use with SQL?

- Like shorter ones.
Step-by-step that build on top of bigger

## Katya

- Had some other issues. Really enjoyed the session. Prefer a simplistic approach. Working on the project module 3. It is a lot less stress.
- Questions:
  - Front-end vs Back-end?

- I like exercises that build step-on-step.

Used props and emits for communication. Tried with stores.

Solving a problem in various methods.

Like that at the end of the module we have a project.

---

1. Does anyone have similar SQL exercise sites/tools like SQLZOO?
2. How many solid projects do you need to have in your portfolio, before applying to jobs?
3. What will be your preffered language to use together with SQL?
4. Which type of specializations is better? Front-end or Back-end?
5. With what types of exercises do you learn best?

https://selectstarsql.com/
https://mystery.knightlab.com/walkthrough.html

---
