Standup:

1. I made a series of SQL corrections. The interview structure evolved with each session. The first few corrections were a bit more relaxed, exploring, discussing and explaining. I was pleaseantly surprised with everyone's results, so in the last few corrections, I turned up the dial on the live coding part, question-by-question, hard rules on allowed resources, hints, time limits. I arrived to a structure that I am satisfied with. I documented it and left for other STLs to take over SQL corrections.
2. For the 2nd BE sprint, I tried to adapt the last few things based on feedback from the previous standup. So,
- Evaldas and Luca talked about issues with setting up TypeScript and I think if these two lads are having issues, yeah, I should just provide a starting template. So Tuesday evening, after a correction I sat down and, as a last minute addition, I prepared a starting template for Part 1.
- Akvilė talked about hands-on with step-by-step instructions, so I tried to add more in-between steps with descriptions.
- I remember comments from Kristijonas about overwhelming amount of detail in the previous hands-on. So for this sprint, I added more comments in the code and structured it in a way where parts try to build on top of each other.

---

My question:
- What would you like to see more of in the material? And what would you like to see less of?

Questions:

:::

- More suggested videos on how to connect various things.
- Coming from the 1st module, the first module seemed quite a bit more structured.
  -> At first, the 2nd module seemed less structured, somewhat all over the place.
  -> 2nd module, 1st sprint was quite easy, the 2nd was quite difficult.
  -> Vue part seemed quite a bit backwards. It would have been better to introduce without build tools. File structure was quite a hard sell because our projects were very small.
-- Integrate more CS50 videos.

Attendance:

- What's the difference between routing in Front-End and Back-End? When we would use one or the other?
- We use types and a bunch of functions to convers sql to CSV - is there a simplier way to convert SQL to CSV?

Standups:

## Kristijonas

- Pretty slow week. Finished SQL part. Not to scare, but interviews were a bit harder than expected. 1st part of the 2nd sprint. It was quite clear. Comment about the material migrations. Migration files need to be added. Got stuck on that for ~20 mins.
- Questions:
  - Learning about routing and back-end. What's the difference between Express or Vue router?

## Gediminas

-
- Questions:
  -

## Oleksandr

- 1st sprint hands-on was quite difficult.
- Questions:
  - The types were super specific. Is it necessary to be so specific?

## Katya

-
- Questions:
  -

---
