Standup:

1. I made a series of SQL corrections. The interview structure evolved with each session. The first few corrections were a bit more relaxed, exploring, discussing and explaining. I was pleaseantly surprised with everyone's results, so in the last few corrections, I turned up the dial on the live coding part, question-by-question, hard rules on allowed resources, hints, time limits. I arrived to a structure that I am satisfied with. I documented it and left for other STLs to take over SQL corrections.
2. For the 2nd BE sprint, I tried to adapt the last few things based on feedback from the previous standup. So,
- Evaldas and Luca talked about issues with setting up TypeScript and I think if these two lads are having issues, yeah, I should just provide a starting template. So Tuesday evening, after a correction I sat down and, as a last minute addition, I prepared a starting template for Part 1.
- Akvilė talked about hands-on with step-by-step instructions, so I tried to add more in-between steps with descriptions.
- I remember comments from Liis and Luca about overwhelming amount of detail in the previous hands-on. So for this sprint, I added more comments in the code and structured it in a way where parts try to build on top of each other.

---

My question:
- What would you like to see more of in the material? And what would you like to see less of?

Luca:
+ Liked the topic. Liked the shared article. Explained quite a few things.
+ Liked how to structure the project.
+ Liked about professional practices.
+ Liked examples from professional world, from real life.

Dorota:
+ Liked half-finished projects, half-messed up. It's one of the hardest things, but very practical.
- Setups are quite a hassle with various configurations. Explaining with more details.
- Wanted setups.

Evaldas:
+ Hits the golden middle. Structured everything so it's evident why things need to be done that way. Part 1 was done really well.
- Markdown is off.

- Is there a good reason to create a backend api for a web application when all the data can be accessed from the frontend app in a secure manner at the same time providing better integration and types support
- What is CORS? How does it work, and should we know the nitty-gritty of it, or it's enough to know how to handle it?
- Is it better to use horizontal or vertical slicing when structuring our express project?
- Could you rephrase this definition in simpler terms: "REST components perform actions on a resource by using a representation to capture that resource's current or intended state and transferring that representation between components"?

:::

Attendance:

- Evaldas
- Dorota
- Luca

Standups:

## Luca

- 1st part, 2nd sprint, looking through the REST material. Going through the optional bonus resources.
- Questions:
  - Horizontal vs Vertical layering. Splitting by resources vs splitting by layers. What are the pros and cons of each approach?
    -> Clean Architecture
    -> Vertical Slice Architecture
  - CORS. Cross Origin Resource Sharing. What is it? Why is it needed? How does it work?

## Evaldas

- Liked a lot the Part 1 starting template. It provided the reasoning behind the choices made.
- Next.js has server components.
- Questions:
  - Is there are a lot of good reasons to use a RESTful API?

## Dorota

- First part 2nd sprint, tried to go a little bit deeper into reasons behind REST APIs.
- Questions:
  -

<!--
## Akvilė

-
- Questions:
  -

## Liis

-
- Questions:
  -
-->

---
