Standup:

1. Updated REST API server material, there were some pesky bugs with how some material is displayed.
  - As a solution, we discussed what are the underlying issues.
  - Also, the possibility of getting a testing account, so I could actually see the material.
2. Working on the material for 3rd back-end sprint. A bit of a pickle. I think some tools, like an ORM is a bit too complex etc. At the same time, it is quite representative of what you might find in the industry.
  - The idea here is to reach a point where after the 3rd sprint you have all the necessary tools to build a full-stack application. Then, the 4th sprint is for refinement, best practices, Docker and deployment.

Questions:
  - What would you define as a single responsibility?

I have 10 years of web development experience. I specialize in full stack JavaScript development and that is well reflected in the material.

Attendance:
  - Filipe
  - Miglė
  - Svetlana
  - Katya

Standups:

## Filipe

- Finished JS part, started with Vue.
- Questions:
  - What is the difference between a Vue ref and a Javascript variable?

## Miglė

- Decided to use Tailwind CSS for the project. Vue.js Chrome extension.
- Questions:
  - N/A

## Svetlana

- Different routes for different pages. Homepage, About page.
- Questions: In Home.vue or main.js logic, index.js?
  -

## Katya

-
- Questions:
  -

---


- What is the diference beetween the regular variable and the ref variables?
- Are there any main rules or guidelines for deciding which files to use for implementing the logic for each page or component in Vue.js? Also, what is the typical role or content of the main.js file in a Vue.js project?
- What would you define as a single responsibility?

---

- Dont know if this will help but ive found this for when you want to use some logic in various componentes:we wanted to reuse the useCounter function in another component, by convention, we could create a new folder called composables in our src folder which would contain all of our shared composables.

