Standup:

1. Updated REST API server material, there were some pesky bugs with how some material is displayed.
  - As a solution, we discussed what are the underlying issues.
  - Also, the possibility of getting a testing account, so I could actually see the material.
2. Working on the material for 3rd back-end sprint. A bit of a pickle. I think some tools, like an ORM is a bit too complex etc. At the same time, it is quite representative of what you might find in the industry.
  - The idea here is to reach a point where after the 3rd sprint you have all the necessary tools to build a full-stack application. Then, the 4th sprint is for refinement, best practices, Docker and deployment.

- What are the pros/cons of slicing your application by technical concern vs services?

Questions:
  -

Attendance:
  - Luca
  - Evaldas
  - Oleksandr
  - Liis

Standups:

## Luca

- Going through part 2 and part 3. Confused by various types generated by Kysely, by Zod. IDE started getting crazy. Started with TDD, not too confusing as I am already familiar with it.
- Questions:
  - What could be the ways that the data inflow even when our API is down?

## Evaldas

- Liking the material so far. Small issues. Configuring a project with TypeScript transpilation. Modern transpilation should happen to ES modules.
- Suggestion:
  - Create a discord channel for issues.
- Questions:
  - Which transpilation target is the best one right now?

  -> Async/Await issues with CommonJS
  -> Front-end: ES Modules.
  -> Back-end: CommonJS.

## Oleksandr

- Any reason to use join vs nested query?
- Questions:
  -

  When you want to calculate some intermediate values, you can use a nested query. When you simply want to get the data from multiple tables, you would use a join.

  In SQLite, you might have different performance characteristics. In PostgreSQL, the query planner will optimize the query for you for JOINs.

  In general, it is recommended to use joins whenever possible, especially for simple queries or when dealing with large datasets. Joins are usually more efficient and easier to read.

  However, there are cases where a nested query may be more appropriate, such as when you need to perform a correlated subquery or when you need to calculate aggregate values. It's important to consider the specific requirements of your query and choose the approach that best fits your needs.

## Liis

- Liked the Part 3 exercise. It's really helpful. A lot better than a very long hands-on. Part 4 is great, managed to do the first peer programming session.
- Questions:
  - Are there any situations when dependency injection is an overkill?

## Ufuk

- Wants to learn about testing.
- Questions:
  -

## Gediminas

## Akvilė

- In WD 3.2. Part 1 was overwhelming.
- Peer programming session should help.
- Liked the documentation. Stuck in exercise with rewrite model with query builder. Is everything necessary?
- Questions:
  -

## Eyob

- Liked the material a lot. Loved the code snippets, explanations. Amazing material!
- Discord bot. Reach out one of my peers for peer programming session.
- TDD is really amazing, loved it. Spent a lot of time on the material.
- Question:
  - What are other methods for TDD?
    - Dependency injection

---

  to  Everyone
What tools/systems we can use to make sure that data exchange with our API is maintained in cases when our API is down, or cannot handle requests at the moment?

Evaldas Bendoraitis | ebendo  to  Everyone 20:06
What is the suggested build target for node typescript projects. It seems that the recommended option is to transpile code to esm using:

{
    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
    "module": "NodeNext",
    ...
}

but certain features like __dirname are not supported and different strategy is used to get the current directory.

- Are there any big pottential problems that can be cause by using this build target?
- Are there any drawbacks or situations where DI might be overkill?
- When choosing between nested query and Join, are there any reasons to opt for one or the other, outside the fact that Join is more performant?
- How does the the concept of controllers, services, and models relate to the MVC design pattern ?
- Why would we choose nested queries over queries that use JOIN to solve the same problem or vice versa?
- When using a query builder (Kysely) what are the pros and cons of using multiple files for migrations vs a single file?
- What other methods can we use to make our code testable other than dependency injection? Which one is the best approach, in your opinion?
