Standup:

Working on finalizing the 3rd BE sprint. Trying to simplify the material a bit.
  - Though very important to note that your goal is not to get comfortable with all these tools, but to get familiar with them. Try out, experiment.
  - Had issues with one of the APIs for one of the clients, didn't have to track that down. One client is asking for a large feature estimation. There is one very annoying API call issue that might involve the network layer or something of that sort.
  - Client is asking to estimate one large feature set, you know, copying their competitors.
  - Also some there is far out planning about specializations. Whether I will be doing them, depends on our our terms with Turing College.

Questions:
  - What are the pros/cons of slicing your application by technical concern vs services?

Questions:
  -

Attendance:
  - Luca
  - Evaldas
  - Akvilė
  - Liis
  - Oleksandr
  - Kristijonas
  - Eyob

Standups:

## Luca

- Using a lot of the provided template. Interesting to work with TDD.
- Questions:
  - In-memory database for testing. In other testing scenarios outside of Turing it is not used all the time. What is the best way to deal with testing against a database? What could be the drawbacks?

## Evaldas

- On part 5. Skipped part 4 peer programming. Using ESNext, got issues with Kysely. Problem that I am looking up test files in. Fixed using transpile files to CommonJS.
->> Suggestion: Discord channel for issues.
- Questions:
  - Test coverage is generating pretty good suggestions for tests. How much can we depend on test coverage?

  -> Async/Await issues with CommonJS
  -> Front-end: ES Modules.
  -> Back-end: CommonJS.

## Oleksandr

- Finished Sprint 1. Starting with REST API.
- Questions:
  - What's your favorite GUI with dealing with APIs?

## Liis

- Project is way harder than I imagined. Maybe we need more time. Time given is not enough. Still enjoy the back-end part. Exercises were very good. Used template a lot. I had issues to build and structure the project. Like Laravel a lot. Fill it with your code. Node project meanwhile is an empty page.
- Questions:
  - Converting circular structure to JSON error. How critical is "Converting circular structure to JSON error" in Node.js?

## Akvilė

- Week was OK. Part 3. Like TDD a lot. Initial situation was not overcomplicated. Checked Discord for suggestions.
->> Deadline is very close. Difficult, a very big building block. Wanted a deadline extension.
- Questions:
  - Migrations. Extra challenge to write a command to down migration.

## Kristijonas

- This sprint seems to be longer. This sprint seems to take more time. Back-end stuff helping in my current job. Had a chance to get some experience with HTTP requests.
- Question:
  - How should we approach TDD for concepts that we haven't encountered before, like Discord bot?

---

  to  Everyone
What tools/systems we can use to make sure that data exchange with our API is maintained in cases when our API is down, or cannot handle requests at the moment?

Evaldas Bendoraitis | ebendo  to  Everyone 20:06
What is the suggested build target for node typescript projects. It seems that the recommended option is to transpile code to esm using:

{
    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
    "module": "NodeNext",
    ...
}

but certain features like __dirname are not supported and different strategy is used to get the current directory.

- Are there any big pottential problems that can be cause by using this build target?
- Are there any drawbacks or situations where DI might be overkill?
- When choosing between nested query and Join, are there any reasons to opt for one or the other, outside the fact that Join is more performant?
- How does the the concept of controllers, services, and models relate to the MVC design pattern ?
- Why would we choose nested queries over queries that use JOIN to solve the same problem or vice versa?
- When using a query builder (Kysely) what are the pros and cons of using multiple files for migrations vs a single file?
- What other methods can we use to make our code testable other than dependency injection? Which one is the best approach, in your opinion?

---


What is the correct way to create references at sql diagrams:
SenderUserID integer [not null, ref: > User.UserID]
or we have to define references at the end of all tables
Ref {Message.SenderUserID > User.UserID
}
How do we  specify indexes at the sql files, why and what is the syntax? How do we reference to indexes in Node.js

Simonas Gardauskas | sgarda  to  Everyone 19:12
Any advise on how to prepare for live coding correction?

Tomas Purvinys | tpurvi  to  Everyone 19:14
1. modifying UI framework/library components like veutify like datepicker, do people do these kinda changes ?
2. What are these API's, how they work with components ?

Tomas Purvinys | tpurvi 19:58
I have to go guys, bye

---