Standup:

Finished the material for the third back-end sprint. Adding some quizzes for the back-end material. Doing some grammar checks.
  <!--
  - Hopefully, you found exercises in the 2nd sprint useful. The 3rd sprint will be structed in a similar manner with theory and hands-on exercises in every part.
  -->
  - Some annoying issues to have a TypeScript setup that works good enough for the front-end and the back-end. You will notice that JavaScr
  - Already planning out the final sprint for the back-end module, probably going to keep it light. This is the goal.

  - Had issues with one of the APIs for one of the clients, didn't have to track that down. One client is asking for a large feature estimation. There is one very annoying API call issue that might involve the network layer or something of that sort.
  - Client is asking to estimate one large feature set, you know, copying their competitors.

Questions:
  - What would you need to do if you wanted to host your application on your own machine?

I have 10 years of web development experience. I specialize in full stack JavaScript development and that is well reflected in the material.

Attendance:
  - Simonas
  - Svetlana
  - Artūras
  -
  -

Standups:

## Svetlana
  - Two corrections. Great, learned a lot. Polished it a bit so it looks better. TypeScript is quite complicated. Learning about generics is quite complicated. When do we use it?
  - Questions:
    - What are generics and when do we use them except for arrays and promises?

## Artūras
  - Issues tracking bad updates. Those kinds of bugs were the hardest to deal with.
  - Question:
    - Is there a standard approach for maintaining VS Code settings across multiple machines?
      -> VS Code settings sync. There should be a plugin from Microsoft, but I wouldn't be surprised that there's more.

## Simonas
  - Vue, everything is together. Just JavaScript and it's not clear when you add more and more functions.
  - Questions:
    - NO QUESTION! TWICE! Next time two questions!

## Katya
- My week was not TC-related. We had some terrible management decisions at work. Working night shifts. Stuck in Module 3 Sprint 2. It was interesting to deal with the new TC batch.
- Questions:
  -

## Marytnas

- Finished up setting up linters. Started looking into colocation. Focused preparing on the back-end with PHP. Using `git`. Docker.
- Questions:
  - Issues with a Windows laptop is an issue. Sprint 2 Module 2, we were directed to move to UNIX-based system. Why is Linux and macOS better for development than Windows? 95% that work there use macOS.

---

- What is the diference beetween the regular variable and the ref variables?
- Are there any main rules or guidelines for deciding which files to use for implementing the logic for each page or component in Vue.js? Also, what is the typical role or content of the main.js file in a Vue.js project?
- What would you define as a single responsibility?

---

- Dont know if this will help but ive found this for when you want to use some logic in various componentes:we wanted to reuse the useCounter function in another component, by convention, we could create a new folder called composables in our src folder which would contain all of our shared composables.

---


- What is GENERICS in simple words? What is this used for besides Array and Promise?
- Is there a standard approach to maintain the same work environment, like plugins and settings in vscode, on separate machines?
- Why is Mac/Linux preferred more by the devs, instead of, for example, Windows?
- Since we're adding more and more libraries and tools to our development environment, how can we ensure that these various tools and libraries work well together without conflicts? Also is there any way to find out what I've already installed on my computer and where? During the first part of the course, I wasn't quite sure what I was doing with terminal :)
