Standup:

Finished the material for the third back-end sprint. Adding some quizzes for the back-end material. Doing some grammar checks.
  - Hopefully, you found exercises in the 2nd sprint useful. The 3rd sprint will be structed in a similar manner with theory and hands-on exercises in every part.
  - Some annoying issues to have a TypeScript setup that works good enough for the front-end and the back-end.
  - Already planning out the final sprint for the back-end module, probably going to keep it light. This is the goal.

  - Had issues with one of the APIs for one of the clients, didn't have to track that down. One client is asking for a large feature estimation. There is one very annoying API call issue that might involve the network layer or something of that sort.
  - Client is asking to estimate one large feature set, you know, copying their competitors.

Questions:
  - What are microservices and why some companies use them?
  - How would you ensure the security of a web application?

Questions:
  -

Attendance:
  - Kristijonas
  - Liis
  - Evaldas
  - Luca
  -
  -
  -

Standups:

## Luca

- Not very sure about the project requirements.
- Questions:
  - Not sure how to test the bot?
  - How to use dependency injection without classes?
  I am trying to create an interface for the bot processor. Then I am creating subclasses for each bot. With classes it's quite clear. Without classes I am not sure how to do it. How to resolve dependency injection without classes?

## Evaldas

- I also finished on the part 5. Did quite a decent rewrite. The first version was getting messy. Write a single generic repository and single generic endpoint. It magically knows what should be done with the data. If I want to use a generic HTTP method. I skipped part 4. Moved to part 5. When I am going through Part 4, I see answers to lots of my questions. Something else that I was struggling with was returning error messages. For example, if you use Zod, they returning a difficult to read error message.
- Questions:
  - What should you return in error messages?

## Oleksandr

-
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION?

## Liis

- Project is quite hard. I think I almost finished it. My code is very ugly. I'll try to make it more beautiful. I do not really like Test Driven Development. Really trying to get some tests before. Most of my tests are done after the fact. I know what are the pros of TDD.
- Questions:
  - What are the disadvantages of TDD?

  Sometimes you might want to explore your code a bit.
  Sometimes you might be better off writing some code, throwing it out, and then rewriting it again with tests.

## Akvilė

-
- Questions:
  -

## Kristijonas

- Struggling a bit. Some parts are ugly. Getting some peer sessions for the app. Trying creating triggers.
- Question:
  - How to create triggers

---

  to  Everyone
What tools/systems we can use to make sure that data exchange with our API is maintained in cases when our API is down, or cannot handle requests at the moment?

Evaldas Bendoraitis | ebendo  to  Everyone 20:06
What is the suggested build target for node typescript projects. It seems that the recommended option is to transpile code to esm using:

{
    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
    "module": "NodeNext",
    ...
}

but certain features like __dirname are not supported and different strategy is used to get the current directory.

- Are there any big pottential problems that can be cause by using this build target?
- Are there any drawbacks or situations where DI might be overkill?
- When choosing between nested query and Join, are there any reasons to opt for one or the other, outside the fact that Join is more performant?
- How does the the concept of controllers, services, and models relate to the MVC design pattern ?
- Why would we choose nested queries over queries that use JOIN to solve the same problem or vice versa?
- When using a query builder (Kysely) what are the pros and cons of using multiple files for migrations vs a single file?
- What other methods can we use to make our code testable other than dependency injection? Which one is the best approach, in your opinion?
