Standup:

Finished the material for the third back-end sprint. Adding some quizzes for the back-end material. Doing some grammar checks.
  - Had a very slow week. Basically got sick the next day after the last standup and today is the first day I got back to work. Still not 100%, but good enough. This was very unfortunate, because the only remaining parts were grammar checks, quizzes, zipping and shipping exercise projects.
  - I was looking forward to spend a week on some other projects. Now I'm a bit in a pinch, so I'll need to be quite clever around how to prepare material for the final back-end sprint.
  - We discussed some parts about specialisation modules.

Questions:
  - What would you need to do if you wanted to host your application on your own machine?

Attendance:
  - Andrej
  - Miglė
  - Martynas
  - Svetlana

Standups:

## Svetlana
  - TypeScript, Unit testing, E2E testing, conventional commits.
  - Questions:
    - Question about conventional commits. Are they wildly used in the industry?
    - Will we have access

## Artūras
  -
  - Question:
    -

## Simonas
  -
  - Questions:
    -

## Katya
-
- Questions:
  -

## Marytnas

- Issues setting up ESLint, Stylelint. It came down to misconfiguration. That was an hour wasted. Learned about manipulating Virtual DOM.
- Questions:
  - Vue deep watch.

## Andrej

- Found a video on SQL joins. When using WSL, there is Zone.Identifier. Windows basically creates these files to tell that these files are not created by us. When using VS Code and WSL and it won't connect back to WSL until I restart my computer.
- Questions:
  - Is it worth to just install Ubuntu on my machine? Dual boot rather than using WSL.

## Milgė

- TypeScript, E2E testing, unit testing. It was a difficult topic for me, this time it was quite easy. Exercises helped a lot. Really glad that we learned about organizing commits. I will have to try to organize commits for my capstone.
--> Glad that you are using structured commits.
- QuestionsA:
  - Is TypeScript "as" same as using a colon.

---
