Standup:

  - Caught up a bit with my commitments outside of Turing College. Half-way through making a project estimation.
  - Started working on the final back end sprint material. Some issues narrowing down to full-stack deployment options that are relatively easy, yet introduce learners to what you might see when using a CI/CD pipeline.
  - Discussed options for specialisation modules. Possibly, the back-end module will act in itself, nearly as Node specialization, likely leaving specialisation modules for React and other platforms and languages.
  - Reminder: Try to go to more open sessions.
  - I am considering to add an open session myself to smooth out the difficulty curve in the back-end sprints.

Questions:
  - How do you choose what kind of additional packages and tools to choose in a personal project?

Attendance:
  - Miglė
  - Svetlana
  -
  -

Standups:

## Svetlana
  -
  - Questions:
    -

## Artūras
  -
  - Question:
    -

## Katya
- Using MySQL instead of SQLite.
  - Uncle Bob's principles.
- Questions:
  -

## Andrej

-
- Questions:
  - Is it worth to just install Ubuntu on my machine? Dual boot rather than using WSL.

## Milgė

-
--> Glad that you are using structured commits.
- Questions:
  - Should we rely on TypeScript type inference or should we always specify types?

---

- Should we rely on type inference for functions or should the return value type be specified everytime?
- What is express middleware?
- When should one use pinia.use(({ store }) => { store.router = markRaw(router) }) in Pinia, and what distinguishes this approach from the conventional use of useRouter while using Pinia store?
- How is test driven development flow supposed to look like in frameworks like vuejs? How should different types of testing stack between themselves?

---

How do you choose what kind of additional packages and tools to choose in a personal project?
