Standup:

Finished the material for the third back-end sprint. Adding some quizzes for the back-end material. Doing some grammar checks.
  - Had a very slow week. Basically got sick the next day after the last standup and today is the first day I got back to work. Still not 100%, but good enough. This was very unfortunate, because the only remaining parts were grammar checks, quizzes, zipping and shipping exercise projects.
  - I was looking forward to spend a week on some other projects. Now I'm a bit in a pinch, so I'll need to be quite clever around how to prepare material for the final back-end sprint.
  - We discussed some parts about specialisation modules.

Questions:
  - Do you prefer beginner-friendly setups or more realistic professional project stacks?

Attendance:
  - Liis
  - Evaldas
  - Luca
  - Akvilė
  -
  -
  -

## Liis

- Started working with Node in my other school.
- Questions:
  - Prisma vs TypeORM
  - PostgreSQL vs MySQL

## Evaldas

- Had a peer review, did a peer review. Lots of comments on the peer review. Comparing TypeORM vs Kysely. Defining relations can get quite complicated.
- Question:
  - In what cases would it make more sense working with Kysely over TypeORM? TypeORM query builder vs Kysely query builder?

## Luca

- Liked PostgreSQL Prisma guide.
- Questions:
  - SQL injection. Does ORM help prevent SQL injection?

## Akvilė

- Working on the Discord bot. Found the sprint very difficult. Found the templates really useful, revised the material. Worked more on understanding repository, service and controller layers.

- Questions:
  - Do not all endpoints need a service layer? Should it still be used?
  - Is it OK to return JSON object for the /messages endpoint?

---

---

  to  Everyone
What tools/systems we can use to make sure that data exchange with our API is maintained in cases when our API is down, or cannot handle requests at the moment?

Evaldas Bendoraitis | ebendo  to  Everyone 20:06
What is the suggested build target for node typescript projects. It seems that the recommended option is to transpile code to esm using:

{
    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
    "module": "NodeNext",
    ...
}

but certain features like __dirname are not supported and different strategy is used to get the current directory.

- Are there any big pottential problems that can be cause by using this build target?
- Are there any drawbacks or situations where DI might be overkill?
- When choosing between nested query and Join, are there any reasons to opt for one or the other, outside the fact that Join is more performant?
- How does the the concept of controllers, services, and models relate to the MVC design pattern ?
- Why would we choose nested queries over queries that use JOIN to solve the same problem or vice versa?
- When using a query builder (Kysely) what are the pros and cons of using multiple files for migrations vs a single file?
- What other methods can we use to make our code testable other than dependency injection? Which one is the best approach, in your opinion?


---

- What are the main differences between TypeORM and Prisma?
- What are the main differences between PostgreSQL and MySQL?
- Does ORM help prevent SQL injection?
- If not all endpoints need data modification (like simple GET), should controller still call service that just calls the repository?
- In discord bot project, should get messages request return formatted messages or simply json?
- What is the workflow of creating and maintaining schema using TypeORM?
