Standup:

Finished the material for the third back-end sprint. Adding some quizzes for the back-end material. Doing some grammar checks.
  - Had a very slow week. Basically got sick the next day after the last standup and today is the first day I got back to work. Still not 100%, but good enough. This was very unfortunate, because the only remaining parts were grammar checks, quizzes, zipping and shipping exercise projects.
  - I was looking forward to spend a week on some other projects. Now I'm a bit in a pinch, so I'll need to be quite clever around how to prepare material for the final back-end sprint.
  - We discussed some parts about specialisation modules.

Questions:
  -

Questions:
  -

Attendance:
  - Liis
  - Evaldas
  - Kristupas
  - Eyob
  -
  -
  -

## Liis
What is going to be in 4th module in Discord. What are the most in demand FE/BE frameworks and how do they compare?

## Evaldas
- Already finished the project. Error handling.
- Some people found my project difficult to use. Code hygene.
TODO: comments left over. It was suggested to use classes for services.

## Kristijonas
- don't have much to say. Finished the project. Will have peer correction and STL on wednesday.
Because I skipped peer programming task before, I focused on that for thae last week.

A good experience with branches, pull requests.

## Eyob

Had a peer correction. Had a plan to have a peer session. Nothing to read on Part 3. STL and Peer reviews.

- Is it possible to get your TypeScript setup?

Standups:

## Luca

- Not very sure about the project requirements.
- Questions:
  - Not sure how to test the bot?
  - How to use dependency injection without classes?
  I am trying to create an interface for the bot processor. Then I am creating subclasses for each bot. With classes it's quite clear. Without classes I am not sure how to do it. How to resolve dependency injection without classes?

## Evaldas

- I also finished on the part 5. Did quite a decent rewrite. The first version was getting messy. Write a single generic repository and single generic endpoint. It magically knows what should be done with the data. If I want to use a generic HTTP method. I skipped part 4. Moved to part 5. When I am going through Part 4, I see answers to lots of my questions. Something else that I was struggling with was returning error messages. For example, if you use Zod, they returning a difficult to read error message.
- Questions:
  - What should you return in error messages?

## Oleksandr

-
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION?

## Liis

- Project is quite hard. I think I almost finished it. My code is very ugly. I'll try to make it more beautiful. I do not really like Test Driven Development. Really trying to get some tests before. Most of my tests are done after the fact. I know what are the pros of TDD.
- Questions:
  - What are the disadvantages of TDD?

  Sometimes you might want to explore your code a bit.
  Sometimes you might be better off writing some code, throwing it out, and then rewriting it again with tests.

## Akvilė

-
- Questions:
  -

## Kristijonas

- Struggling a bit. Some parts are ugly. Getting some peer sessions for the app. Trying creating triggers.
- Question:
  - How to create triggers

---

  to  Everyone
What tools/systems we can use to make sure that data exchange with our API is maintained in cases when our API is down, or cannot handle requests at the moment?

Evaldas Bendoraitis | ebendo  to  Everyone 20:06
What is the suggested build target for node typescript projects. It seems that the recommended option is to transpile code to esm using:

{
    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
    "module": "NodeNext",
    ...
}

but certain features like __dirname are not supported and different strategy is used to get the current directory.

- Are there any big pottential problems that can be cause by using this build target?
- Are there any drawbacks or situations where DI might be overkill?
- When choosing between nested query and Join, are there any reasons to opt for one or the other, outside the fact that Join is more performant?
- How does the the concept of controllers, services, and models relate to the MVC design pattern ?
- Why would we choose nested queries over queries that use JOIN to solve the same problem or vice versa?
- When using a query builder (Kysely) what are the pros and cons of using multiple files for migrations vs a single file?
- What other methods can we use to make our code testable other than dependency injection? Which one is the best approach, in your opinion?
