Standup:

  - Corrections. Apparently, not enough.
  - Working on the final back end fundamentals sprint. I think I found a fine setup for CI/CD in the back end. Not many new coding concepts, but general ideas on deployment, good practices. It was somewhat challenging to find the right level of difficulty. This is sometimes an issue, where I have working with one set of tools, but at that point there are too difficult, so there is a need to find a simpler alternative, but that takes time.
  - Discussed various ideas for improving existing material, to move things around, smooth out the learning curve.
  - Reminder: Try to go to more open sessions.
  - I wish I had more time to add a few open sessions. I am considering to add an open session myself to smooth out the difficulty curve in the back-end sprints.

Questions:
  - How much time do you spend on Googling for additional resources beyond what is provided in the course material?
    -> Quite a lot. Google.
    ->

- How much do you Google'ing beyond the material.

Attendance:
  - Liis
  - Evaldas
  - Kristijonas
  - Eyob

## Liis

- I thought I was doing good, but the deadline is
- Questions:
  - Which hashing algorithm is used?

## Evaldas

- Going through Part 2. I like tRPC more than Express REST API. I like type safety, typing environment variables.
- Question:
  - tRPC Error handling. Any operation can throw an error.
  - Composing schemas?
  - tRPC Adapters. Host tRPC not through Express? When it makes sense to use one over the other?
  - Three package.json files in a monorepo.

## Kristijonas

- Business trip. Went through the first part and then kind of forgot all about it. Had to go through it once again.
- Questions:
  - In TypeORM what is the difference between cascade remove and on cascade remove?
  - Do we have solutions for the 2nd part exercises?

## Eyob

- Wants a correction. First part. Didn't use TypeORM before, similar to Sequelize. Security to file saving. Uploading file to S3. Secure file uploading, sensitive data.
- Questions:
  - What security issues are there?
- OK.

## Akvilė

-

- Questions:
  -
  -

---

---
