Standup:

  - Corrections.
  - Working on the final back end fundamentals sprint. I think I found a fine setup for CI/CD in the back end. Not many new coding concepts, but general ideas on deployment, good practices. It was somewhat challenging to find the right level of difficulty. This is sometimes an issue, where I have working with one set of tools, but at that point there are too difficult, so there is a need to find a simpler alternative, but that takes time.
  - Discussed various ideas for improving existing material, to move things around, smooth out the learning curve.
  - Reminder: Try to go to more open sessions.
  - I wish I had more time to add a few open sessions. I am considering to add an open session myself to smooth out the difficulty curve in the back-end sprints.

Questions:
  - How writing tests changes how you write code?
  <!-- - Do you prefer beginner-friendly setups or more realistic professional project stacks? -->

Attendance:
  - Svetlana
  - Miglė
  - Katya (JTL)

Standups:

## Svetlana
- Worked on the capstone project. Worked with Pinia storage. Worked on how to test the store. Lots of information you use Pinia store, not that much info when using Composition API for Pinia store. Used Playwright for tests. Using Playwright for tests. Had to use getByPlaceholder, getByLabel instead of using classes.
- Questions:
  - The best approach for testing is not to use IDs, classes.

## Katya
- Using MySQL instead of SQLite. Was a big adventure, was quite nice. Always returns some information about the query. In MySQL you can not supress it. With articles exercises, MySQL throws errors for CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS.
- Lots of interesting things. Started Discord.
- Questions:
  -

## Milgė

- Worked on the capstone project. Playwright tests, had to rewrite quite a bit.
- Questions:
  - Locators in Playwright. roles vs test IDs for locators.

NOTE: Using Tailwind instead of regular classes.

---

- Should we rely on type inference for functions or should the return value type be specified everytime?
- What is express middleware?
- When should one use pinia.use(({ store }) => { store.router = markRaw(router) }) in Pinia, and what distinguishes this approach from the conventional use of useRouter while using Pinia store?
- How is test driven development flow supposed to look like in frameworks like vuejs? How should different types of testing stack between themselves?

---

How do you choose what kind of additional packages and tools to choose in a personal project?

---

- Playwright: Is it better give element a title and use 'getByTitle' locator or data-testid?
- When I use playwright and want to assert that I add 3 elements to the favorite recipes, how to use a locator in a right way to assert that I have 3 elements on the page?
- How having tests changes how you write code?
