Standup:

  - Corrections.
  - Met up, had some calls with STLs that will work on specialization modules.
  - Had some issues outside of Turing College, so took a break from working on the material.
  - Now, I'm back to hopefully finish it this week. Similarly how you would come back to a project after a break and then you would have some new ideas on how to improve it, I'm trying to do the same with the material.
  - First 2 open sessions!
  - Looked into that our standups will be during various holidays, so we will skip those.

Questions:
  <!-- - What could you do to mitigate XSS attacks? -->

Attendance:
  - Kristijonas
  - Evaldas
  - Liis
  - Eyob
  - Luca
  - Akvilė

## Luca
- Not easy. Difficult part with tRPC. I did not understand how it works together with Express.
- Questions:
  - Microservices vs. Monoliths. Whether mono vs multi repo applies to microservices?

## Liis

- I thought I was doing good, but the deadline is
- Questions:
  - Where should I store the images?

## Evaldas

- Going through Part 2. I like tRPC more than Express REST API. I like type safety, typing environment variables.
- Question:
  - tRPC Error handling. Any operation can throw an error.
  - Composing schemas?
  - tRPC Adapters. Host tRPC not through Express? When it makes sense to use one over the other?
  - Three package.json files in a monorepo.

## Kristijonas

-
- Questions:
  - Where we would prefer using JSON Web Tokens instead of Cookies?

## Eyob

- I got my STL correction. It was difficult to get a slot. My STL did not arrive on time. I started Sprint 3. PostgreSQL + TypeORM. I prefer Sequelize over TypeORM. Both are similar. I like the Sequelize manages relationships. Finished Part 1. Started Part 2.
- Questions:
  - What's multi-factor authentication?

## Akvilė

- Going through TypeORM exercises. Really appreciate the exercises.
- Questions:
  - How to define relationships? One-to-one, one-to-many vs. many-to-many?

---

1. Where we would prefer using JSON Web Tokens instead of Cookies?
2. Does it make any sense to roll your own auth instead of using auth providers?
3. What is the best practice for storing images for a project? Should I store them within the project, in the database, or use a cloud service? Do I need the database at all for this?
4. Do you have any tips how to differentiate relationships?
5. What is multi-factor authentication, and when do we use it?
