Standup:

  - Corrections.
  - Met up, had some calls with STLs that will work on specialization modules.
  - Had some issues outside of Turing College, so took a break from working on the material.
  - Now, I'm back to hopefully finish it this week. Similarly how you would come back to a project after a break and then you would have some new ideas on how to improve it, I'm trying to do the same with the material.
  - First 2 open sessions!
  - Looked into that our standups will be during various holidays, so we will skip those.

Questions:
  - Do you prefer to go through the setup yourself where you are guided through it, or would you instead get a complete project boilerplate?

  - Svetlana: would like to set up myself with instructions. I like it step-by-step.
  - Artūras: difficult to keep track through setups.
  - Andrej: like to set up yourself.
  - Katya: important to understand. Issue when the setup parts are spread out across sprints. Windows + WSL, it depends on your installed distro. Older distributions do not work to newer Node versions.

Attendance:
  - Andrej
  - Svetlana
  - Artūras

Standups:

## Svetlana
- Struggled with configuration files for setting up the project.
- Questions:
  - What is stacktrace and codebase?
- ISSUE:
  - Project setup and configuration.

## Artūras

- Finished FE project. I learned from the reviews about not only the layout changes, but how browsers act differently on different browsers.
- Had issues to simulate devices. Mobile devices works differently than the desktop devices.
- Questions:
  - What would be an appropriate size of code change to deserve a code commit?

## Katya

- Had to setup VS Code from scratch. Issues with Kysely and MySQL. You need to set up various parts manually. I hope that TypeORM is a little bit better.
- Questions:
  -

## Andrej

- Why to sue migration timestamp?
- Questions:
  - Can we use database migrations to seed the database to seed some data?
    - Use migrations. One of the issues here is that you might need to use different seed data for different environments.
    - Use separate seeding.

NOTE: Using Tailwind instead of regular classes.

---

- Should we rely on type inference for functions or should the return value type be specified everytime?
- What is express middleware?
- When should one use pinia.use(({ store }) => { store.router = markRaw(router) }) in Pinia, and what distinguishes this approach from the conventional use of useRouter while using Pinia store?
- How is test driven development flow supposed to look like in frameworks like vuejs? How should different types of testing stack between themselves?

---

How do you choose what kind of additional packages and tools to choose in a personal project?

---

- What is stacktrace, what information does this provide, how can this be useful?
- What would be an appropriate size for the code change to deserve a commit?
- Are database migrations used only for altering database schema or is it also used for seeding the database with the data?
