Standup:

  - Turing-wise, slow week. Updated some material.
  - Some time on working with other STLs for specialization modules.
  - Last BE sprint should be up this week.
  - Question about open sessions. I likely will cancel Open Sessions on Wednesday

  - No standup for 25th of December.
  - Chance of a standup for 1st of January.

Question:
  - When you might prefer a NoSQL database over a SQL database?

Attendance:
  -
  -
  -
  -
  -

Standups:

## Svetlana
-
- Questions:
  -

## Miglė

-
- Questions:
  -

## Artūras

-
- Questions:
  - What would be an appropriate size of code change to deserve a code commit?

## Katya

- Dinner together with other learners and an STL. Made an announcement for CS50 SQL session, even though we start using query builders and ORMs.
- Questions:
  -

## Andrej
-
-
- Questions:
  - What is the difference between a database and a database management system?

## Tomas

- Started TS. Finished the Vue project. You can make it more beautiful. You can use a component framework. Chose Vuetify. Everything works, I would like to have a slightly different date picker.
- Questions:
  - Do people change the components in a component library?
  - Some components are API-based components.

NOTE: Using Tailwind instead of regular classes.

---

- Should we rely on type inference for functions or should the return value type be specified everytime?
- What is express middleware?
- When should one use pinia.use(({ store }) => { store.router = markRaw(router) }) in Pinia, and what distinguishes this approach from the conventional use of useRouter while using Pinia store?
- How is test driven development flow supposed to look like in frameworks like vuejs? How should different types of testing stack between themselves?

---

How do you choose what kind of additional packages and tools to choose in a personal project?

---

- What is stacktrace, what information does this provide, how can this be useful?
- What would be an appropriate size for the code change to deserve a commit?
- Are database migrations used only for altering database schema or is it also used for seeding the database with the data?
