Standup:

  - Turing-wise, slow week. Updated some material.
  - Some time on working with other STLs for specialization modules.
  - Last BE sprint should be up this week.
  - Question about open sessions. I likely will cancel Open Sessions on Wednesday

  - No standup for 25th of December.
  - Chance of a standup for 1st of January.

Questions:
  - What are microservices and why some companies use them?

Attendance:
  -
  -
  -
  -

## Luca
-
- Questions:
  -

## Liis

- Everybody around feeling sick. Discovered a lot. Using admin role. Different views for regular users and admins.
- Questions:
  - What is the best approach for creating an admin account in my project? Using `is_admin` true once. What is the best approach?

## Evaldas

- Still on Part 4. Haven't started the project. Code all the risky parts first. Plotting everything out.
- Question:
  - Not very confident about my testing skills. I feel that I could optimize my time by writing less tests. How common is it to write E2E only?

## Kristijonas

- Slow week.
- Questions:
  - How migrations work with TypeORM?

## Eyob

-
- Questions:
  -

## Akvilė

- Went through auth parts. Struggled quite a bit, I was not able to figure out quite a few parts, just had to look at the solution. Thinking about project ideas. I think I have great project idea.
- Questions:
  - What are XSS attacks?
  - What are CSRF tokens?

---

1. Where we would prefer using JSON Web Tokens instead of Cookies?
2. Does it make any sense to roll your own auth instead of using auth providers?
3. What is the best practice for storing images for a project? Should I store them within the project, in the database, or use a cloud service? Do I need the database at all for this?
4. Do you have any tips how to differentiate relationships?
5. What is multi-factor authentication, and when do we use it?


---

- How do we initially seed our production database? (architecturally)
- What is the best approach for creating an admin account in our project?
- Is it a good idea to skip out on unit tests and write e2e tests instead? What possible issues would arise not having unit tests?
- How do CSRF attacks work? What is the role of CSRF tokens to mitigate these attacks?

https://google-gruyere.appspot.com/
