Standup:

  - Turing-wise, coordinating upcoming specializations. I'll start working on Node specialization soon. Targetting for a mini specialization sometime in February.
  - At the same time, some client work and a preliminary estimation for a client project.

Question:
  - How do you setup Node debugging in your back end?

Attendance:
  - Artūras
  - Svetlana
  - Miglė
  - Edgars
  - Andrej

LIVE CODING EXERCISE:

--- ---

- TDD, implementing everything cycle. BE.

Standups:

## Edgars

- Finalizing 2.4 E2E and unit tests.
- Questions:
  -

## Svetlana

- Sprint 2. A lot of new information. It takes time. Moved on to an exercise. To get movies by ids.
- Questions:
  - When we do screening, do we need to create a new table?

## Miglė

- Learned about REST APIs, Express, Postman, Kysely.
- Liked Kysely examples, simple queries, found it very easy. Then I will start with TDD.
- Questions:
  - Kysely down function for migrations. How would that work?

## Artūras

- So many ways to write queries, ahrd to know which queries are efficient.
MUST: You prepend use EXPLAIN PLAN in SQLite to see how the query is executed.
- Questions:
  - Are SQL queries often use in the professional environment?

## Miglė

- Last week I was learning TDD, test doubles were a bit difficult. Started pair programming exercise. Wrote out some requirements.
- NO QUESTION!
- Questions:
  -

## Andrej

- Learned about TypeORM and tRPC. Sprint 3 is not easier, but more interesting than Sprint 2. I can't wait to learn more about these libraries.
- Questions:
  - 3rd party APIs and testing. I did not test Discord API at all. I tested everything up until sending a message to Discord. I instantiated client on every request. Sometime my discord bot randomly logs out. I created only one instance when the server starts listening. But then I tried to inject that object just as the database, but apparently it's not possible to mock Discord object. What to do in that situation when we can't mock that object?

## Tomas

-
- Questions:
  -

---

Are SQL queries from .sql files often used nowadays in the professional environment, or are SQL queries mainly written in nodeJS with better-sql for example?

Edgars Cebaks | ecebak  to  Everyone 19:08
Can I temporarily skip implementing a login system and focus solely on creating separate views for students and tutors in my front-end project?

Svetlana Soboleva | ssobol  to  Everyone 19:08
What is the difference between these two implementations :   .get('/movies?id=133093,816692')
     .get('/movies/ids?id=133093,816692’).  To provide screenings of the movies shall we create a table Screening in the same db and place any movies we want there?

Andrej Milanović | amilan 19:14
Third party APIs and testing…