Standup:

  - Turing-wise, coordinating upcoming specializations. I'll start working on Node specialization soon. Targetting for a mini specialization sometime in February.
  - At the same time, some client work and a preliminary estimation for a client project.
  - Upcoming week, I am taking corrections for Sprint 3. Interested that there was a batch of learners submitting their projects and then there was a lull. So, I am waiting to see a few more projects before I hand off corrections to other STLs.

Questions:
  - How do you setup Node debugging in your back end?

Attendance:
  - Luca
  - Evaldas
  - Akvilė
  - Kristijonas

- Would like to see TDD cycle.
- Client and server side connecting, state management.

Going through a topic and display how it's done.

LIVE CODING EXERCISE:

## Luca

- Had correction last week. Moved on to last sprint.
- Questions:
  - Example of Docker compose. Why in the server we have a reference to the client?
  - Docker file created with docker compose has a different path in docker compose. If you want to create through Docker build. Two different docker files. Wondering if that is expected?

## Liis

- Issues with project.
- Questions:
  -

## Evaldas

- Capstone was quite hard.
- Question:
  -

## Kristijonas

- I don't have anything. Still working on the project. Hopefully done today, we'll see how it goes.
- Questions:
  -

## Eyob

-
- Questions:
  -

## Akvilė

- Working on the capstone project. Faced some unexpected errors, I want to share them. I have tests for the server side, I created a separate database to run the tests. I tried to clean up the database after running the database. I have a query to truncate tables. When I run all tests, they fail. I get some errors. Violated foreign key constraint, deadlock detected.
- Questions:
  - What should the FE be responsible of? Should I pick everything, or should the server pass in the necessary data?

---

In case where only 1 database can be used for testing, is it a acceptable solution to keep track of all inserted record id's and to run tests on those records only and after the test is complete delete all the records that were created during that test.

[JTL] Luca Vassos | lvasso  to  Everyone 20:09
1. Why does Dockerfile in docker-compose example indicates to copy both server and client code in the same server image?
2. Dockerfile with docker-compose and Dockerfile for individual image build seem to have a bit different instructions. Should we have 2 different files in our project, if we wish to show both deployment and docker-compose use?

Akvile Jankauskaite | ajanka 20:12
In a full stack application, should server return only what is necessary to display in the frontend? Meaning, is front end  focused mostly on visual representation?
