Standup:

  - Hello, I am Žygimantas. I do not know if you have been informed, but for a few weeks Adomas is not available for standups, so a has asked for other STLs to jump in and help out. I think next week you will have Gytis. You will get to experience a wider range of STLs.

  - I work primarily on full-stack JS web applications and some media stuff primarily as a co-founder of a cozy web dev agency.
  - A few of you are already familiar with my writing as I have curated the material for BE and, most relevant to you, FE modules.

  - Primarily I am dealing with learners on the edge of the curriculum, which right now is Module 3.
  - Hopefully there will not be too many questions surrounding module 1 specifics, as I have not loaded Module 1 into my memory and I am a bit rusty with Python in general.

  Start standup.

  Client work:
  - Right now I am dealing with a nasty bug with client's payment code, there was an untested case when some tax, some inflation, discounts and recurring payments all come into contact. So right now I am clearing this up with accounting to decide what is the correct way to handle this case.
  - At the same time, some client work and a preliminary estimation for a client project.

  Turing:
  - Making corrections for back-end Sprint 3, which is the furthest anyone has gotten yet.

  - Working with a pair of new STLs on **upcoming specializations**.
  - Working on Module 4 specialization material myself, though I am taking my time. Targetting for specializations to start sometime in February.


Questions:
  - DRY principle. What is the problem with repeating the same code in multiple places?

Attendance:
  - Hanna
  - Mantas Ž.
  - Laura
  - Tatjana
  - Milda

## Hanna

- Failed with a peer correction. Passed with STL correction. Integrated some feedback based on STL feedback. I will ask for a new peer corrector to look at it. I started reading new material for the new sprint. I watched the video on regular expressions.
- Questions:
  -

## Mantas

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

---

- So in general what is the best pivot number to choose?  It is said it depends. But depends of what? Do you have the examples?
- I've read that selecting id's with CSS should be avoided and we should rely on classes for styling while leaving id's for JavaScript. In the past I've noticed that it's difficult to come up with both id and class names for the same element, what could be potential solutions?
- Is it ok if in 1.4 capstone project we don't include API? Or, can we say that using smtp lib and gmail is using API?
- Since I haven't submitted one of the corrections, I have applied for an extension for the sprint, but there is still no response. What should I do now?
- I think if you have submitted one day before the deadline it counts as handed in on time, no matter when the reviews are 🙂
- What are the popular database options for Flask? What tools does Flask provide for testing? Does it make sense to build the application so the user can use it on the laptop and on mobile phone?
