Standup:

  Client work:
  - Right now I am dealing with a nasty bug with client's payment code, there was an untested case when some tax, some inflation, discounts and recurring payments all come into contact. So right now I am clearing this up with accounting to decide what is the correct way to handle this case.
  - At the same time, some client work and a preliminary estimation for a client project.

  Turing:
  - Making corrections for back-end Sprint 3, which is the furthest anyone has gotten yet.

  - Working with a pair of new STLs on **upcoming specializations**.
  - Working on Module 4 specialization material myself, though I am taking my time. Targetting for specializations to start sometime in February.


Questions:
  - How would you synchronize data types when BE is not written in TS?

Attendance:
  - Šarūnas
  - Grant
  - Dorota
  - Ufuk

## Šarūnas

-
- Questions:
  - How do you deal with a situation where you had planned numerous features for your project, only to realise that you lack the necessary skills to fulfil those plans?

## Grant

- Reading through tRPC vs REST APIs.
- Questions:
  - In which scenarios would you choose a tRPC API vs REST API?

  - GraphQL.
  - REST APIs are more popular.
  - JACK of all trades, master of none.

  + introduces some GraphQL concepts and type safety

  A relatively light abstraction. Everything business logic-related is still more or less the same + it enforces some good practices.

  - prototyping or building a small app with full-stack TypeScript.

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

---

How do you deal with a situation where you had planned numerous features for your project, only to realise that you lack the necessary skills to fulfil those plans?

Grant Innes | ginnes  to  Everyone 12:04
What scenarios/project types would you choose RPC API's over REST API's?

Ufuk Saylan | usayla  to  Everyone 12:08
Is it beneficial for developers to practice Docker using command-line interfaces instead of GUIs?

[JTL] Dorota Jez | dorojez  to  Everyone 12:08
Should you create real columns containing foreign keys besides just creating a relationship in TypeORM?

You 12:12
How would you synchronize data types when BE is not written in TS?