Standup:

  Client work:
  - Right now I am dealing with a nasty bug with client's payment code, there was an untested case when some tax, some inflation, discounts and recurring payments all come into contact. So right now I am clearing this up with accounting to decide what is the correct way to handle this case.
  - At the same time, some client work and a preliminary estimation for a client project.

  Turing:
  - Making corrections for back-end Sprint 3, which is the furthest anyone has gotten yet.

  - Working with a pair of new STLs on **upcoming specializations**.
  - Working on Module 4 specialization material myself, though I am taking my time. Targetting for specializations to start sometime in February.

Questions:
  - How would you synchronize data types when BE is not written in TS?

Attendance:
  - Gediminas
  - Mehmet
  - Rūta B.
  - Adil

## Mehmet

- Finishing BE Sprint 3.
- Questions:
  -

## Gediminas

- Preparing for the interview in a company in regards to Python developer position. Researching ML, data preprocessing and such things. Work would be along those lines. I haven't done anythin  Turing. Today I had Swedbank IT academy and get a shot at a job offer.
- Company with Python role the interview was rather free form, they were not prepared for the interview.
- Compared to Swedbank interview, the questions were very clear and interviewers had an idea of how to reach certain topics through questions.
- Questions:
  - Regarding job salary, what would be the best strategy to ask for a raise.

  If you won't ask, you won't get it.

  Positioning. What is the value that you bring to the company.

  -> Try to get information on other salaries.
  -> Try to get leverage.
  -> Look for alternative positions.

  How my interview went:
    - Do you prefer to work alone or in a team?
    - In the past job what was your work dynamic?
    - What kind of feedback have you received from your supervisor?
    - Technical questions:
      - What is a variable?
      - Give an example of an array. Name some array methods.
      - Some OOP questions:
        - What is a class?
        - What experience do you have with it?
        - How do you tend to program, with objects, classes or functions?
        - What is a decorator?
      - What libraries did you use?
      - Have you heard of X, Y, Z technologies?
    - 20 mins, two problems that you have to solve. Test if those programs work as intended. Then you get a score. Some ways can be more efficient than others. The system checks the performance.

## Rūta

- I got sick, so most of the time I was just going through my job tasks. The project took a long time to finish.
- Questions:
  - I am interested for us, as beginners, what is the normal period for onboarding in a new position so that you can start working independently?
    -> Usually the larger the company, the longer the onboarding period. In smaller companies, you are expected to be able to work independently from the start. In larger companies, you are expected to be able to work independently after ~3 months.

## Adil

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

---

Q: Can you change the specialization after you have started it?

---

What is the best way to approach real-time updates? How can we understand that if it's needed or not?

Gediminas Maskeliūnas | gmaske  to  Everyone 17:17
What is the best strategy for asking for a raise?

Ruta Brazauskiene | rbraza  to  Everyone 17:17
What is an appropriate period to move through onboarding process and start working independently for us as the beginners?

Adil Arslan | aarsla 17:18
What is the expected level of detail and complexity for the frontend in our fullstack project?

---