Standup:

  - Right now I am dealing with a nasty bug with client's payment code, there was an untested case when some tax, some inflation, discounts and recurring payments all come into contact. So right now I am clearing this up with accounting to decide what is the correct way to handle this case.
  - At the same time, some client work and a preliminary estimation for a client project.

  Turing:
  - Making corrections for back-end Sprint 3, which is the furthest anyone has gotten yet.

  - Working with a pair of new STLs on **upcoming specializations**.
  - Working on Module 4 specialization material myself, though I am taking my time.

Questions:
  <!-- - How would you synchronize data types when BE is not written in TS? -->
  - Many-to-many relations with custom properties?

Attendance:
  - Liis
  - Evaldas

## Evaldas

- Deployments failed. Deploying to Vercel. Supabase also has a cloud deployment option.
  -> What if you had to migrate away from Vercel and Supabase?
- Questions:
  - What is the performance hit when using Docker instead of running bare bones?

## Liis

- GitHub Actions. Managed to fix the issue. Added styles.
- Project Designer.
- Questions:
  - At what point should I migrate from local setup to a cloud hosted solution?

##

-
- Questions:
  -

---

- The exercise mentioned using Node.js 18 to match the course material, and that Node.js 20 has slightly higher OS version requirements. Which version should I use in Dockerfile in my capstone project when I use Node 20?
- Can github actions create commits for cases like updating outdated packages, generating types etc..?
- Imagine a scenario where you are more than half-way into your project development and you realise that  many of the core features you had planned to implement take too much time, or are not implementable. How to approach this situation?
- How would you test an endpoint for sending an email?
- If you had to do a coding exercise with TypeScript, how would you assert types?

---

to  Everyone
So in general what is the best pivot number to choose?  It is said it depends. But depends of what? Do you have the examples?

Mantas Žvirblys | mzvirb  to  Everyone 17:08
I've read that selecting id's with CSS should be avoided and we should rely on classes for styling while leaving id's for JavaScript. In the past I've noticed that it's difficult to come up with both id and class names for the same element, what could be potential solutions?

Milda Rimeikienė | mrimei  to  Everyone 17:10
Is it ok if in 1.4 capstone project we don't include API? Or, can we say that using smtp lib and gmail is using API?

Hanna Anisimova | aannaa  to  Everyone 17:11
Since I haven't submitted one of the corrections, I have applied for an extension for the sprint, but there is still no response. What should I do now?

Laura Janavičienė | ljanav 17:12
Just wait. No worries 🙂

Tatjana Huppertz | thuppe 17:15
I think if you have submitted one day before the deadline it counts as handed in on time, no matter when the reviews are 🙂

Tatjana Huppertz | thuppe 17:12
What are the popular database options for Flask? What tools does Flask provide for testing? Does it make sense to build the application so the user can use it on the laptop and on mobile phone?

---

- What kind of a performance hit should I expect using docker instead running it natively?
- At what point in a project's development or scale should I seriously consider migrating the database from a local setup to a cloud-hosted solution?
- What are other ways to synchronize data types between BE and FE apart from tRPC?
