Standup:

  -

  Turing:
  - Finished Node specialization. Started taking reviews for Sprint 4. Working with a pair of new STLs on **upcoming specializations**.

  Client work:
    - Some additional issues when aggregating data from multiple external Chinese hardware APIs and queues. There are issues when APIs go down, then for some reason the task queue stops working.
    - Another developer was on vacation.

Questions:
  - Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?
    - CPU, Memory or I/O?
    - Profiler, benchmark.
    - Caching.
    - Vertical scaling.
    - Horizontal scaling.

Attendance:
  - Svetlana
  - Andrej
  - Miglė

## Andrej

-
- Questions:
  - Token with user data.
    - Localstorage can be deleted.

## Miglė

- Finished monorepo exercise.
- NOTE: Interested to see the key differences between monorepo solution and your own solution. Maybe in an Open Session.
- Questions:
  - Would you recommend using Auth0?

## Svetlana

- PostgreSQL and TypeORM, a little bit confusing for relationships.
- Questions:
  - What kind of link? Does it make sense to test it with Postman?
    -> You have tests.

## Artūras

- Finished Discord bot. I tried to do TDD. **I believe it's easier on the BE than on the FE**. Once you get one route, other are more or less the same. The part with ęrd party packages came in, so that was quite a bit harder.
- Questions:
  - In the case of server, is it fine to return only the status code. Or should there be a status message as well? For example, for errors?
  - NO QUESTION PREVIOUS WEEK!

## Edgars Cebaks

-
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION?!

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

- Great to notice progress!
- Depending if that is going to be your portfolio project.
- Later you will forget!

---

- In the case of a server for API routes, would returning only a status code in case of an error be enough? or some sort of message should be always included?
- What is CORS (cross-origin resource sharing) and why do we need it when building RPC APIs?
- What are the differences between SERIAL vs. GENERATED AS IDENTITY vs. UUID?

---

  to  Everyone
How to test the application using the postman? Which router to provide if I want to add a project to a specific user for example.  Why the link http://localhost:3000/v1/trpc/user.login accept not pure json  { … } but  {"json": 
{
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "password": "abcd12345"
  }
}

Andrej Milanović | amilan  to  Everyone 19:07
Is it okay to put non-sensitive user info in JWT so we don’t have to fetch it from the server or store user info inside localStorage?

Migle Ruzgyte | mruzgy  to  Everyone 19:08
Do you recommend using Auth0 for the capstone project? Is it hard to implement with TRPC?

You  to  Everyone 19:30
https://github.com/iway1/trpc-panel
```
app.use('/panel', (_, res) =>
        res.status(200).send(
            renderTrpcPanel(appRouter, {
                url: 'http://localhost:3000/v1/trpc',
                transformer: 'superjson',
            })
        )
    );
```
import { renderTrpcPanel } from 'trpc-panel';
app.ts

You 19:47
- Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?