Standup:

- Turing:
  - Finished Node specialization. Started taking reviews for Sprint 4. Working with a pair of new STLs on **upcoming specializations**.

  - Client work:
    - Some additional issues when aggregating data from multiple external Chinese hardware APIs and queues. There are issues when APIs go down, then for some reason the task queue stops working.
    - Another developer was on vacation.

Questions:
  - What was the best feedback or insight you've got from a project review?

Attendance:
  - Liis
  - Evaldas

## Evaldas

- Working on email part, parsing text with LLMs.
- LLM is not always responding with the same structure. Most importantly I had to provide temperature 0, system prompt.
- **Have you tried providing some examples**.
- I wrote unit tests for my LLM outputs. **Interesting testing LLM**.
- Lot of dependency injection. I have some functions that are not exported from the file.
- Questions:
  - Should I try to test every function in the file, even if it's not exported?

## Liis

- My project is almost ready, just need to add E2E, buttons, styles. Docker container works fine, but my issue is deployment, it complains that it does not find the **API_PROXY_PASS variable**. Output is exactly the same. I think that this part is OK.
- Questions:
  - If we choose Node.js specialization vs starting fresh with Symfony, how skilled should we be by the end of the module?

##

-
- Questions:
  -

---

- The exercise mentioned using Node.js 18 to match the course material, and that Node.js 20 has slightly higher OS version requirements. Which version should I use in Dockerfile in my capstone project when I use Node 20?
- Can github actions create commits for cases like updating outdated packages, generating types etc..?
- Imagine a scenario where you are more than half-way into your project development and you realise that  many of the core features you had planned to implement take too much time, or are not implementable. How to approach this situation?
- How would you test an endpoint for sending an email?
- If you had to do a coding exercise with TypeScript, how would you assert types?

---

- Should we strive to test every single function even if they are used internally by a single module or is it enough to only test the module itself?
- If we choose Node.js for our specialization after already studying it, versus starting fresh with Symfony, how skilled we should be in Symfony by the end?
- What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?

---

to  Everyone
So in general what is the best pivot number to choose?  It is said it depends. But depends of what? Do you have the examples?

Mantas Žvirblys | mzvirb  to  Everyone 17:08
I've read that selecting id's with CSS should be avoided and we should rely on classes for styling while leaving id's for JavaScript. In the past I've noticed that it's difficult to come up with both id and class names for the same element, what could be potential solutions?

Milda Rimeikienė | mrimei  to  Everyone 17:10
Is it ok if in 1.4 capstone project we don't include API? Or, can we say that using smtp lib and gmail is using API?

Hanna Anisimova | aannaa  to  Everyone 17:11
Since I haven't submitted one of the corrections, I have applied for an extension for the sprint, but there is still no response. What should I do now?

Laura Janavičienė | ljanav 17:12
Just wait. No worries 🙂

Tatjana Huppertz | thuppe 17:15
I think if you have submitted one day before the deadline it counts as handed in on time, no matter when the reviews are 🙂

Tatjana Huppertz | thuppe 17:12
What are the popular database options for Flask? What tools does Flask provide for testing? Does it make sense to build the application so the user can use it on the laptop and on mobile phone?

---

- What kind of a performance hit should I expect using docker instead running it natively?
- At what point in a project's development or scale should I seriously consider migrating the database from a local setup to a cloud-hosted solution?
- What are other ways to synchronize data types between BE and FE apart from tRPC?


---

- What topics will be covered in the Node module? How many sprints are planned for its completion?
- General introduction for specialization modules