Standup:

  Turing:
  - Taking reviews for Sprint 4 and some for Sprint 3. Everyone seems to be doing quite well. Some repeated issues:
    - Messy front-end state reactivity
    - HTML injection

  Client work:
  - Issue with some payment exports for accounting, quite tricky as this is an issue on an older codebase. And there are more communication issues across teams.

  Personal projects:
  - Looking to migrate away from some old APIs models provided by OpenAI.

Questions:
  - I think to suggest dropping either TypeORM or Kysely from the Module 3 and moving one of the to the Specialisation.
    - If you were building a small project, would you choose an ORM like TypeORM or SQL query builder like Kysely?

Attendance:
  - Artūras
  -
  -

## Andrej

- Learned to use Record.
- Questions:
  - Is there any simpler way (VS Code plugin, library) that will write types for us?
  - When we are writing types in monorepo, should we write our types in the front-end or back-end?

## Miglė

- Started working on capstone project, going well, most challenging thing was implementing adminProcedure. Pass `isAdmin` property to JWT. Admin is first authenticated, then it is checked if user is an admin.
- NOTE: Is it the right to use this logic for admin procedure?
- Questions:
  - If admin needs to see a different view than the regular user, how to implement this?

## Svetlana

- When I started Sprint 3 it seemed very difficult, when I saw how everything worked in the material, now everything started to make sense. My project is becoming bigger
- Questions:
  - What happens if I don't add cascade? What happens if I don't use it?

## Edgars Cebaks

-
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION?!

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

- Great to notice progress!
- Depending if that is going to be your portfolio project.
- Later you will forget!

---

- In the case of a server for API routes, would returning only a status code in case of an error be enough? or some sort of message should be always included?
- What is CORS (cross-origin resource sharing) and why do we need it when building RPC APIs?
- What are the differences between SERIAL vs. GENERATED AS IDENTITY vs. UUID?

---

  to  Everyone
How to test the application using the postman? Which router to provide if I want to add a project to a specific user for example.  Why the link http://localhost:3000/v1/trpc/user.login accept not pure json  { … } but  {"json": 
{
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "password": "abcd12345"
  }
}

Andrej Milanović | amilan  to  Everyone 19:07
Is it okay to put non-sensitive user info in JWT so we don’t have to fetch it from the server or store user info inside localStorage?

Migle Ruzgyte | mruzgy  to  Everyone 19:08
Do you recommend using Auth0 for the capstone project? Is it hard to implement with TRPC?

You  to  Everyone 19:30
https://github.com/iway1/trpc-panel
```
app.use('/panel', (_, res) =>
        res.status(200).send(
            renderTrpcPanel(appRouter, {
                url: 'http://localhost:3000/v1/trpc',
                transformer: 'superjson',
            })
        )
    );
```
import { renderTrpcPanel } from 'trpc-panel';
app.ts

You 19:47
- Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?


---

Where should cascading actions be declared between 2 related entities?

Migle Ruzgyte | mruzgy  to  Everyone 19:07
In my project I want admin to see different homeview than regular user, how could I implement this?

Andrej Milanović | amilan 19:08
What is the best way to write types for APIs? Should we create types in client or import them from backend? What are the best practices?
