Standup:

  Turing:
  - Finishing taking Sprint 4 corrections, will find other STLs to take over.
  - Initial plans on Node Specialization Sprint 2.

  Client work:
  - One tricky issue with payments has to get fixed in the next few days and a key person we deal with, as an agency, left the company.

  Personal projects:
  - Looking to migrate away from some old APIs models provided by OpenAI.

Questions:
  - I think to suggest dropping either TypeORM or Kysely from the Module 3 and moving one of the to the Specialisation.
    - If you were building a small project, would you choose an ORM like TypeORM or SQL query builder like Kysely?

    - I don't like to include database management stuff in the application.
    - Many developers do not want to learn SQL.
    - Developers need ORM in your portfolio.
    - Kysely and TypeORM are the only options for TypeScript.
    - My idea: ORM -> Specialisation.

Using Kysely and TypeORM was too much.
It is both to learn both, it is a bit overwhelming.

Deployment is a struggle, maybe in specialization. Or simpler deployment in Mod 3?

Linux server deployment.
- Deployment to Docker in specialization?

Katya:
**Server to publish and deploy their projects and for inspiration.**
**Would solve deployment issues at the beginning.**

Advice for Katya.

Attendance:
  - Svetlana
  - Katya
  -

## Andrej

-
- Questions:
  -

## Miglė

-
- NOTE: Is it the right to use this logic for admin procedure?
- Questions:
  - If admin needs to see a different view than the regular user, how to implement this?

## Svetlana

- Worked on the design, kitform, changed the main theme, changed the theme.
- Issues with Kitform theme setup.
- What to recommend for UI application?
- Questions:
  - What happens if I don't add cascade? What happens if I don't use it?

## Edgars Cebaks

-
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION?!

##

-
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

- Great to notice progress!
- Depending if that is going to be your portfolio project.
- Later you will forget!

---

- In the case of a server for API routes, would returning only a status code in case of an error be enough? or some sort of message should be always included?
- What is CORS (cross-origin resource sharing) and why do we need it when building RPC APIs?
- What are the differences between SERIAL vs. GENERATED AS IDENTITY vs. UUID?

---

  to  Everyone
How to test the application using the postman? Which router to provide if I want to add a project to a specific user for example.  Why the link http://localhost:3000/v1/trpc/user.login accept not pure json  { … } but  {"json": 
{
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "password": "abcd12345"
  }
}

Andrej Milanović | amilan  to  Everyone 19:07
Is it okay to put non-sensitive user info in JWT so we don’t have to fetch it from the server or store user info inside localStorage?

Migle Ruzgyte | mruzgy  to  Everyone 19:08
Do you recommend using Auth0 for the capstone project? Is it hard to implement with TRPC?

You  to  Everyone 19:30
https://github.com/iway1/trpc-panel
```
app.use('/panel', (_, res) =>
        res.status(200).send(
            renderTrpcPanel(appRouter, {
                url: 'http://localhost:3000/v1/trpc',
                transformer: 'superjson',
            })
        )
    );
```
import { renderTrpcPanel } from 'trpc-panel';
app.ts

You 19:47
- Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?


---

Where should cascading actions be declared between 2 related entities?

Migle Ruzgyte | mruzgy  to  Everyone 19:07
In my project I want admin to see different homeview than regular user, how could I implement this?

Andrej Milanović | amilan 19:08
What is the best way to write types for APIs? Should we create types in client or import them from backend? What are the best practices?
