Standup:

  Turing:
  - Found a few STLs to take Sprint 4 corrections, apparently not enough slots.
  - Working on Node Specialization Sprint 2. Maybe ~1/3 of content, working to get an interesting hands-on exercise going.

  Client work:
  - Had one issue with client and leap years in tests.
  - Found a case where tests would fail only on leap years. Dealing with dates is, let's say, fun.

  This week:
  - Preparing to hand-off the project to another project manager.
  - Finishing up the Node Specialization Sprint 2.

  Likely blocks:
  - It is still quite uncertain which of these will take more of my time, so one of them might get delayed.

Questions:
  - OS question. What is the purpose of having a config file in a project and not just using environment variables directly?

Attendance:
  - Artūras
  - Miglė
  - Svetlana

## Artūras

- Worked with TypeORM, spend majority of my time structuring my entities.
- Questions:
  - How image files should be stored while also being able to 'relate' them to an entity in a database on a server?

## Miglė

- Is it correct to store time and date in database separately or should it be stored as a timestamp. Additionally, when to store time with time zone and without time zone?
- Questions:
  -

## Svetlana

- It is so hard to understand console.log errors.
- Questions:
  - User can link images for recipes. How can I let user to upload images and store them?

## Katya

- Decided to use the project a bit differently.
- Questions:
  -

##

-
- Questions:
  -

- Great to notice progress!
- Depending if that is going to be your portfolio project.
- Later you will forget!

---

- In the case of a server for API routes, would returning only a status code in case of an error be enough? or some sort of message should be always included?
- What is CORS (cross-origin resource sharing) and why do we need it when building RPC APIs?
- What are the differences between SERIAL vs. GENERATED AS IDENTITY vs. UUID?

---

  to  Everyone
How to test the application using the postman? Which router to provide if I want to add a project to a specific user for example.  Why the link http://localhost:3000/v1/trpc/user.login accept not pure json  { … } but  {"json": 
{
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "password": "abcd12345"
  }
}

Andrej Milanović | amilan  to  Everyone 19:07
Is it okay to put non-sensitive user info in JWT so we don’t have to fetch it from the server or store user info inside localStorage?

Migle Ruzgyte | mruzgy  to  Everyone 19:08
Do you recommend using Auth0 for the capstone project? Is it hard to implement with TRPC?

You  to  Everyone 19:30
https://github.com/iway1/trpc-panel
```
app.use('/panel', (_, res) =>
        res.status(200).send(
            renderTrpcPanel(appRouter, {
                url: 'http://localhost:3000/v1/trpc',
                transformer: 'superjson',
            })
        )
    );
```
import { renderTrpcPanel } from 'trpc-panel';
app.ts

You 19:47
- Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?


---

Where should cascading actions be declared between 2 related entities?

Migle Ruzgyte | mruzgy  to  Everyone 19:07
In my project I want admin to see different homeview than regular user, how could I implement this?

Andrej Milanović | amilan 19:08
What is the best way to write types for APIs? Should we create types in client or import them from backend? What are the best practices?
