Standup:

  Turing:
  - Finished the Node Specialization Sprint 2. So that's up and running. I am finished with the Turing material.
  - I expect to start taking Node specialization reviews this week.

  This week:
  - Turing are considering updating the material. Nothing is still set in stone.
  - Planning out some initial ideas for the v2 version of the course. Possibly changing everything from Module 1 to 4. Or, it might mean just some limited updates to the current material.

  Agency:
  - Some work on tasks that were not high-priority, some loose ends. Well, technically, you only have high-priority and very high-priority tasks, so that doesn't mean much.
  - Prepare documents for a financial statement.

  Personal projects:
  - On my free time, looking to migrate one of my personal projects away from AWS. It's a bit too expensive for what it does.

Questions:
  - Unasked: What are other options for deploying your web applications?

Attendance:
  - Svetlana
  - Andrej
  - Miglė
  - Artūras

## Andrej

- NOTE: Make sure to add your question to the chat.
- Questions:
  -

## Svetlana

- Could not find correction slots.
- Questions:
  - HTTP Headers, do we set them in our NGINX file? How does that exactly work?

## Miglė
-
- Questions:
  - Query caching, tanstack.

## Artūras

- Opted to try out using firebase. It works!
- Questions:
  - Where would be a better place to set up data filtering? Filter functions on the front end or back end?
    - NOTE: Filtering categories - you could use front end for that.
    - NOTE: Filtering products - use filtering in the back end, most likely, use database queries.

--- --- ---
