Standup:

  Turing:
  - Planned out some initial ideas for the v2, v2.5, v3 of the course. A few latest batches are already being transitioned to a new course structure.

  Personal:
  - Migrated away one personal project away from AWS.

  This week:
  - I am taking a few reviews.
  - Updating material for the Node structure.

  Agency:
  - Look into how to get an ISO data security certification for one company.
  - Helped out developers setting up Amazon deployments, even seniors devs sometimes need help.
  - Wrap up some documents for a yearly financial statement.

Questions:
  - Unasked: What stack would you choose for a personal project?

Attendance:
  - Liis
  - Akvilė

## Liis

- Setting up PHPStorm was difficult. I think they upgraded the materials. I am not really into using PHPStorm as a code editor instead of VS Code. I do not like it.
- In this whole PHP module, I started the part where we are dealing with Symfony. I am not quite sure how it is different from Laravel. What are differences and similarities between Symfony and Node? I think it helps me better understand all the new things.
- Questions:
  - JS and Node is really popular in the future because it will used in full-stack development, how do you see the role of PHP changing in the web development world?

## Akvilė

- Hi! My week was kind of busy, was working with Discord clone application. Worked with WebSockets. In dentistry, it's all or nothing. I don't have the perfect solution. I placed an emphasis on getting something done as soon as possible.
- Worked in iterations without worrying about the design, then I increased the complexity to meet the requirements.
- One observation: now we are using JavaScript. I keep going back and forth checking for types. We will be doing that next sprint.
- React is easier than what we did in Module 3. It's very similar to Vue.

- Keep It Simple Stupid.
- Make it work, make it right, make it fast.

- Comments:
  - WebSockets: Node specialization.
- Questions:
  - I read that you are having technical interview mock-ups. What are the common patterns that people you corrected tend to pass?

---

Suggest Giedrius.

Liis:

  - We don't have a holiday. I would join.

---
