Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Turing:
  - Planned out some initial ideas for the v2, v2.5, v3 of the course. A few latest batches are already being transitioned to a new course structure.

  Personal:
  - Migrated one project away from AWS.

  ## This week:
  - I am taking a few reviews.
  - Updating material for the Node structure.

  Agency:
  - Look into how to get an ISO data security certification for one company.
  - Helped out developers setting up Amazon deployments, even seniors devs sometimes need help.
  - Wrap up some documents for a yearly financial statement.

Questions:
  - Unasked: What are other options for deploying your web applications?

Attendance:
  - Svetlana
  - Miglė

## Svetlana

- Started React sprint.
- Questions:
  - "Update the recipe" feature. If User_id is not equal to author_id, how to hide the button to be able to ...? When I throw an error, I can print out the error, then I get error on console.log, I wonder if it's normal to get an error on console.log?

## Miglė

- Issues with E2E tests, they still don't work correctly. They work correctly, when worker is set to 1, but they fail if they run in parallel. Does that mean that E2E tests written incorrectly?
- Questions:
  -

## Katya

- Due to personal reasons I can not work on Turing College stuff in the evenings, so the only way is to do a "work" project. That requires explaining how deployment and support would work in the future? Talking about Docker and stuff does not make sense as they do not know what it is. Really frustrated as I see no way to get out of this situation.
- I don't understand some things, 15 - 20 years ago I did HTML, CSS and PHP, deploying an application was simple, with a LAMP stack. Now it's not possible do that anymore?
- Questions:
  -

---

- If E2E tests don't pass when run in parallel (with one worker) does this imply they are written incorrectly?
- How to hide components based on user permissions?
- Is it normal to have server error printed to browser console?
- What are the differences between AWS or Azure?
- What is the difference between RDS, Aurora and Neon databases?
- What are other options for deploying your web applications?
