Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Back-and-forth with clients due to some confusion with generating reports.
    Company manages way too much data through spreadsheets,
    and these spreadsheets are then fed to some government agency.

  Turing:
  - Finishing up updates to the Back-end content.

  ## This week:
    - Finished the solution and updated guide for the Node hands-on.
    - Working with Turing Staff to propagate these changes to the current content.
    - Migrated all material examples to ES Modules.
    - Seen some metrics where there is a difficulty jump in Module 3 according to the TC stats.
    - Updating Module 3, Sprint 3 & 4.

  - Played around with new AI audio generation. It's getting really good.

Questions:
  - For Andrej: what would be some use cases for WebSockets?
  - COVID-19 use case.

  - How to find a good Open source project for symfony to get inspiration.
  - Is it worth learning lodash?
  - Is it okay to test discord bot functionality without mocking?
  - What is the purpose of having a config file in a project and not just using environment variables directly?

  - JavaScript fundamentals.
  - For Monika: what is the purpose of using a query builder?
  - "dependencies", "lodash" dependency. Utilities library. Is it worth to learn?
  - Are there any Open Source websites for Symfony to look for inspiration?
    > For large projects, you might have issues finding a good example.

  - Adrien sick. Great progress with Discord bot.
  - What to do if you have sick days? Use an extension? Write Turing Staff.

Attendance:
  - Miglė
  - Andrej
  - Katya

## Miglė

- I understand useEffect in depth.
- Questions:
  - In the provided project starter kit on server side Common JS is used and I get error "'require' is not defined. var require: NodeRequire". How to fix it? Can ES6 modules be used instead?

## Andrej

-
- Questions:
  - What would be some use cases for WebSockets?

## Katya

- Can use Symfony. Using PHP framework in my capstone.
- Very happy that in some cases, there were changes and improvements in the material.
- Regarding Module 3 is an extreme case, there are lots of tools, databases, technologies. Maybe there are too many topics in Module 3.
- Problem solving skills, lots of tools, technologies, databases.
- Extreme case of BE development. Considering other alternatives.
- Some areas are improvable, just be brave, get through it and learn. Turing College is a great place to learn.
- Questions:
  - How to get around Sprint 3 and 4 capstone?

---

- If E2E tests don't pass when run in parallel (with one worker) does this imply they are written incorrectly?
- How to hide components based on user permissions?
- Is it normal to have server error printed to browser console?
- What are the differences between AWS or Azure?
- What is the difference between RDS, Aurora and Neon databases?
- What are other options for deploying your web applications?

---

- Is new Array(4).fill()
- Can we use CSS & nesting selector in all projects? Are there still browsers that do not support this?
