Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Slower week agency-wise, could delegate most tasks to other developers, so I could dedicate more time to Turing.

  Turing:
  - Working on lots of small and not so small updates to the material.
  - Trying to apply these changes to current content, especially Module 3.
  - I'm pushing to get most of the new content applied to the current material, especially Module 3.

  ## This week:
    - Working on the solution guide for the Node hands-on.
    - Working with Turing Staff to propagate these changes to the current content.

Questions:
  - What was the best feedback or insight you've got from a project review?
    - CatchAll.
    - Arnas gave great feedback on the Front-end. About CSS selectors, don't use ID selectors, try to use class selectors. Leave ID selectors for very specific elements.
    - Module 1 Sprint 2 API project you need to validate email, I kind of thought that regexp should be earlier in the course.

Attendance:
  - Marius
  - Tomas
  - Nikolaj

## Marius

- I still see I have some gaps. For me, it's really difficult to write things from the top of my head.
- Impossible to understand. Learning from YouTube. Buying Udemy courses.
- Not YouTube, but someone would make a video about it.
-- Always, it's easy. I don't have IT background.
-- But when I need to do exercises. I need to get an example.
-- Sometimes there are not enough examples.
-- Which function does what? There is no flow. Module 3 Sprint 1. It was quite easy, there is no flow. When I am forgetting something.
2. With JavaScript, I bought a Udemy course. Module 3, I am losing myself. I don't understand what I don't understand. If we are learning about REST APIs, then I need to download a Vue.js file. What the hell am I seeing?
  -> Examples, video examples.
- Questions:
  - REST APIs.

## Nikolaj

- Working on Symfony. Other courses. Code structure. Doing setters and getters.
- Questions:
  -

## Tomas

-
- Questions:
  - Tinkering Discord bot. Taking it pretty slow.
  - IV.

## Katya

- Can use Symfony. Using PHP framework in my capstone.
- Very happy that in some cases, there were changes and improvements in the material.
- Regarding Module 3 is an extreme case, there are lots of tools, databases, technologies. Maybe there are too many topics in Module 3.
- Problem solving skills, lots of tools, technologies, databases.
- Extreme case of BE development. Considering other alternatives.
- Some areas are improvable, just be brave, get through it and learn. Turing College is a great place to learn.
- Questions:
  - How to get around Sprint 3 and 4 capstone?

---

- If E2E tests don't pass when run in parallel (with one worker) does this imply they are written incorrectly?
- How to hide components based on user permissions?
- Is it normal to have server error printed to browser console?
- What are the differences between AWS or Azure?
- What is the difference between RDS, Aurora and Neon databases?
- What are other options for deploying your web applications?

---

- Is new Array(4).fill()
- Can we use CSS & nesting selector in all projects? Are there still browsers that do not support this?
