Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Slower week agency-wise.
    - Various things on yearly reports, handled by other devs.
    - Provided a project estimation, waiting on that.

  Turing:
  - Uploaded Module 3 Sprint 1 & 2 content. As we speak, I am working with Turing Staff to push these changes to V2 of the material.

  ## This week:
    - This week I'm focusing on Sprints 3 - 5. Hopefully, I'll find an easy way to apply these changes to your current content.
    - If you already reached Sprint 3.
    - A few other packages got updated with breaking changes, so had to update that.

    - Working with Turing Staff to propagate these changes to the current content.

    - Do you prefer projects and hands-on exercises that start from scratch or those that try to mimic real-world scenarios with an already in-progress project that might include some parts that ?
    - When you might prefer a NoSQL database over a SQL database?
    - What are microservices and how companies use them?

Questions:
  - Any advice for coding interview?
  - When you are working a job as programmer, when you develop some generic code. Some class that connects to a database, date picker. Can you use those pieces of code for personal

--- REST API ---

- Big jump in complexity in REST API.

--- --- ---

Attendance:
  -
  -
  -

## Miglė

- Finished Sprint 1, Discord app.
- Questions:
  -

## Svetlana

- Finished Sprint 1.
- Questions:
  - How can you use JavaScript for small screens?

## Katya

- Can use Symfony. Using PHP framework in my capstone.
- Very happy that in some cases, there were changes and improvements in the material.
- Regarding Module 3 is an extreme case, there are lots of tools, databases, technologies. Maybe there are too many topics in Module 3.
- Problem solving skills, lots of tools, technologies, databases.
- Extreme case of BE development. Considering other alternatives.
- Some areas are improvable, just be brave, get through it and learn. Turing College is a great place to learn.
- Questions:
  - How to get around Sprint 3 and 4 capstone?

---

- If E2E tests don't pass when run in parallel (with one worker) does this imply they are written incorrectly?
- How to hide components based on user permissions?
- Is it normal to have server error printed to browser console?
- What are the differences between AWS or Azure?
- What is the difference between RDS, Aurora and Neon databases?
- What are other options for deploying your web applications?

---

- Is new Array(4).fill()
- Can we use CSS & nesting selector in all projects? Are there still browsers that do not support this?
