Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Issues with some real-time charts in the front-end that occur on the first day of the month. Trying to nail down this issue is quite tricky as it requires simulating dates and external APIs that are used to fetch data.

  Turing:
  - It's a bit tricky to move out TypeORM to Node specialisation as it does not "deserve" its own sprint.
  - Discussed with other STLs about large, structural changes in the material, brainstorming ideas for things that just couldn't be done with previous time constraints. Different structure, at places less reliance on CS50, possibly some video content from our side, for example for hands-on exercises.

  ## This week:
  - Probably still removing TypeORM in favour of query builders.

Questions:
  - Current material currently relies on various other sites, often YT videos and some coding exercises. Which part of material you would like to see updated or replaced with our own content?
Answers:
  - Katya. Too much relience on YouTube videos. Concept is good when you get into JS, OOP, etc. 6 hour Vue.js tutorial is a really good example. The make it seem so easy, even though in reality you would spend weeks on that. When you start coding yourself, video material is not good if there is no text/github source code. It would be best to have video + reference material. I would not recommned that TC creates video material because it will be really difficult to keep it up to date. Especially FE material seems to evolve rapidly. There is not enough material on Kysely. It is not good enough. If there is not enough material available, it is tricky to include in the course. While it is a good option, there is not enough material to support it. More reference material in text would be nice. Hands-on exercises focused on teaching the basics. How to approach a project, how to plan it out. They are great for learning additional skills, that go beyond coding. Unfortunately, this is not emphasized enough. Not enough people who did the wargaming, pair programming sessions, etc. You are supposed to do the sessions, not focus on the solution! More focus on the process, skills and problem solving, not necessarily the solution. Unfortunately, hands-on exercises are not checked. There should be some feedback to hands-on exercises. Presenting your solution could be the review in itself. The reviewer could ask about peer programming sessions, etc.
  - Svetlana. I actually agreed. I liked how we were presented with Tic Tac Toe in Module 1. I liked the material of Module 2 and 3. It's nice if you are studying full-time. I would focus only on the basics, especially more in JavaScript. Only one thing at a time - JS + React, not JS and Vue. And then choose FE or BE. Right now I know a lot, I feel that I am not good at anything. I like live-coding sessions.
  - Andrej. Overall, I have nothing to complain. I am grateful of everything I learnt. TC creating videos I think would be a waste of time. There are a lot of quality videos, blogposts, etc. Providing them to the students is enough. Since I am learning part-time, I am glad that we are learning Vue, I would love more Vue, but then on the other hand that would be too much, then it would be better to specialize in a single framework. Only thing I would like in the BE module, nginx a little bit detailed. Nginx part was confusing.

--- --- ---

Attendance:
  - Andrej
  - Katya
  - Svetlana

## Andrej

- Working on hands-on project, React Sprint 2.
- Questions:
  -

## Svetlana

- Had a slower week. Learning about Zustand and TypeScript. I tried to solve the exercise before the final project. I found it quite challenging. I decided to jump straight to the final project.
- Questions:
  - TypeScript question in React. I read that in most cases we uses React Node, previously we used React.JS element or JSX element. What are the differences between these two?
  - I takes too long to finish the course. It's too much, too overwhelming, I want to be done by this point. 1 year already.
- propTypes.

## Katya

-
- Questions:
  -

---
