Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Everything is managed by other devs, so I could focus on other things.

  Turing:
  - Hopefully most of you had the chance to jump into the session on the job market.
  - Turing wise, it was a slower week as many of the changes we are discussing with other STLs are still in the planning phase, so I can't unilaterally rewrite large parts of the material.

  ## This week:
    - We will have a call with the Turing College team to discuss the changes.
    - Updating some of my personal projects. One income generating, one that is a running experiment.

  ## Question:
    - What is the difference between unit tests and integration tests?
    - Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?
      - CPU, Memory or I/O?
      - Profiler, benchmark.
      - Caching.
      - Vertical scaling.
      - Horizontal scaling.
    - Are there any specific topics you would want to see addressed in a dedicated open session?

--- --- ---

## Marius

- Wasn't learning this week due to personal reasons.
- I did reviews yesterday, I wrote the first 100 points, I did the best example for the habit tracker. I have nothing to say, a great project. That's how it should be done.
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION!?
  - Comment: Hopefully, for the next week, you will be able to get back on track.

## Tomas

- Pretty slow week, I went through some of the material. Whenever I start a new sprint, it's tricky to get going again. I will try to force the material for Sprint 3. I already wasted a lot of time.
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION!?

## Adrien

- Running out of extensions for Sprint 3. Slight OCD to cover all the provided material.
- Questions:
  - Stripe for Payment solutions. Is there a popular out-of-the-box authorization solution?

## Katya

- Security topic of the week. Microsoft Azure cloud service went down.
- Katya's Security Issue of the Week. Dealing with dates is a pain. You should always use the same timezone (UTC) and think of time linearly as a sequence of seconds. Nothing else. Months, weeks, years are just human constructs for the front-end and in some cases, for contracts.
- Questions:
  -

## Nikolaj

- Everyone is worried about extensions. I think no one apart from us has falled behind after Mod 3.1. This week is going slow, good, learning stuff, learning new things about PHP and Symfony. How it handles parameters in functions. It says copy-on-write. It passes arrays by reference. It's a bit confusing.
- Questions:
  - Emails, what is the minimal amount of things you need to send an email from your application? Could you host an email server and just send emails?

---
