Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
    - Slower week agency-wise.

  Turing:
    - Updated Module 3 Sprint 3 & 4 content for V2, though not yet on the platform.
    - Been talking with other STLs about changing the mock technical interview process. Right now, it's just too short and it might apply correctly to all students.
    - We already have the first student finishing the course.

    - This week it is time to update the final sprint, to prepare more instructions on mock interviews for other STLs and to start migrating TypeORM to Node Specialisation.

  ## This week:
    UNASKED:
    - I have heard that some learners are worried about AI impacting the software development. What are your thoughts on the role of AI in web development? How do you think these technologies will impact the field?

    --- OR ---

    UNASKED:
    - What is the difference between unit tests and integration tests?

    --- OR ---
    UNASKED:
    - Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?
    - CPU, Memory or I/O?
    - Profiler, benchmark.
    - Caching.
    - Vertical scaling.
    - Horizontal scaling.

--- --- ---

- When teaching OOP, develop a new class in an existing project.
- When teaching requests, develop a middleware in an existing project.
- When teaching SQL, connect to the database and the next step - rework this into a Postgres connection.
- Develop a custom component in Vue (or other SPA), like <Button>, etc.

Teaching to use reuasble components.

--- --- ---

Questions:
  -

--- REST API ---

- Big jump in complexity in REST API.

--- --- ---

Attendance:
  -
  -
  -

## Miglė

- Finished Sprint 1, Discord app.
- Questions:
  -

## Svetlana

- Finished Sprint 1.
- Questions:
  - How can you use JavaScript for small screens?

## Katya

- Can use Symfony. Using PHP framework in my capstone.
- Very happy that in some cases, there were changes and improvements in the material.
- Regarding Module 3 is an extreme case, there are lots of tools, databases, technologies. Maybe there are too many topics in Module 3.
- Problem solving skills, lots of tools, technologies, databases.
- Extreme case of BE development. Considering other alternatives.
- Some areas are improvable, just be brave, get through it and learn. Turing College is a great place to learn.
- Questions:
  - How to get around Sprint 3 and 4 capstone?

---

- If E2E tests don't pass when run in parallel (with one worker) does this imply they are written incorrectly?
- How to hide components based on user permissions?
- Is it normal to have server error printed to browser console?
- What are the differences between AWS or Azure?
- What is the difference between RDS, Aurora and Neon databases?
- What are other options for deploying your web applications?

---

- Is new Array(4).fill()
- Can we use CSS & nesting selector in all projects? Are there still browsers that do not support this?
