Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Issues with some real-time charts in the front-end that occur on the first day of the month. Trying to nail down this issue is quite tricky as it requires simulating dates and external APIs that are used to fetch data.

  Turing:
  - It's a bit tricky to move out TypeORM to Node specialisation as it does not "deserve" its own sprint.
  - Discussed with other STLs about large, structural changes in the material, brainstorming ideas for things that just couldn't be done with previous time constraints. Different structure, at places less reliance on CS50, possibly some video content from our side, for example for hands-on exercises.

  ## This week:
  - Probably still removing TypeORM in favour of query builders.
  - Developer asked help to set up a AI/web/govermental project that got EU funding.

  ## This week:
    UNASKED:
    - I have heard that some learners are worried about AI impacting the software development. What are your thoughts on the role of AI in web development? How do you think these technologies will impact the field?

    --- OR ---

    UNASKED:
    - What is the difference between unit tests and integration tests?

    --- OR ---
    UNASKED:
    - Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?
    - CPU, Memory or I/O?
    - Profiler, benchmark.
    - Caching.
    - Vertical scaling.
    - Horizontal scaling.

--- --- ---

- When teaching OOP, develop a new class in an existing project.
- When teaching requests, develop a middleware in an existing project.
- When teaching SQL, connect to the database and the next step - rework this into a Postgres connection.
- Develop a custom component in Vue (or other SPA), like <Button>, etc.

Teaching to use reuasble components.

--- --- ---

Questions:
  -

--- REST API ---

- Big jump in complexity in REST API.

--- --- ---

Attendance:
  - Can you upload the Discord bot project to your private repo?
  -
  -

## Marius

-
- Questions:
  -

## Tomas

-
- Questions:
  - Capstone consultation.

## Adrien

- Daughter was sick, so couldn't get through a lot material this week.
- This week I learned about TypeORM, I liked a lot the TypeORM material.
- Started with tRPC. Read the official documentation.
- Questions:
  -

## Katya

- Something interesting about bugs, security - exploited Zero-day vulnerability across the web. There is a specific image format, webp.
- Katya staying up to date with the latest security vulnerabilities.
- Pegasus, a spyware that was used to target journalists, activists, etc.
- webp is a very common format, probably.
- Questions:
  -

## Nikolaj

- Setting up for PHP projects.
- Reaching the JS level of setting up.
- I hate setting up projects.
- Questions:

---
