Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Accounting stuff for my company.
  - Discussing GDPR compliance features for the client.
  - Exploring new ideas with AI, looks like I'll help out with one AI project with EU funding.

  Turing:
  - Discussed how we will implement a more incremental update to the material.

  ## This week:
  - Reviews for Node mock interview.
  - Migrating TypeORM to Node specialisation.
  - Some discussions on a new course.
  - Open Session today and on Sunday, everyone is welcome.

  ## Question:
    - Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?
      - CPU, Memory or I/O?
      - Profiler, benchmark.
      - Caching.
      - Vertical scaling.
      - Horizontal scaling.

--- --- ---

## Monika

- Pretty busy week, work. In the evening I am spending time to build a drone. Enrolled myself on a drone course, trying to survive. It takes just one week. I am still try to spend at least 1 hour on TC, though not that successfully, I had lots of errors. I even joined an open session with Dorota, she was not able to help that quickly. I sent her my codebase. The issue was I created a migration, somehow `migrate.ts` could not find the migration file. I even downloaded the solution, tried to debug with Dorota. I am solving this problem.
- Questions:
  - Has anyone had the similar issue? Should I use async/await in controller/service?

## Tomas

- Quite productive, learning lot of stuff on the go. I also sacrificed some time to build a front-end. Hopefully I can finish all the basic stuff before the deadline. One of the main features was left for the 4th sprint, I think it will require quite a bit of work.
- Questions:
  - Sensitive user data: are there any restrictions on how we should handle it? Are there any limitations?

## Adrien

- Hyped to finish the project.
- Working my way through GitHub Actions and Docker containers.
- Questions:
  - Typecheck uses tsc command. It was mentioned tsx and TypeScript. Why are we using both?

## Marius

- Starting the sprint a bit late. Everything is confusing until I reach the hands-on. The I will see the hands-on solution, which I find confusing at the moment. I was spending just trying to run the full-stack application. I had to update Node version, it seems to work now. Creating the server, the client is quite confusing. I downloaded Postico 2, then dbBeaver stops working, starts working on an OS. Most time consuming part is knowing what should I expect. Will it do something wrong if I connect to the wrong database? I am afraid to break something on my computer? What does what do? It is confusing as always? Everything is a question for me.
- Questions:
  - NOTE: Where you didn't have a solution?

## Nikolaj

- Did interview with Liis. The interview is about Live coding, there are no examples.
- There are no examples of what should be a treshold for failing, also, it's not clear what makes good grade. I personally will give high grades if the person finishes it in time. Something always breaks, it's always stressful.
- Great news. Entry level position! Wasn't the highest pay but it's a good start. Won't be able to finish Turing College, before I start working. No idea how.
- Questions:
  - Database and testing. Interesting paradigm in PHP where everything is wrapped in a transaction. Why didn't we use something like this in TypeScipt?

---
