Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Some tasks for a client's accounting team.
  - Worked on personal stuff last week.

  Turing:
  - Discussed with other STLs about large, structural changes in the material, brainstorming ideas for things that just couldn't be done with previous time constraints. Different structure, at places less reliance on CS50, possibly some video content from our side, for example for hands-on exercises.

  ## This week:
  - It's a bit tricky to migrate away from Python to JS in the first module that teach JS from the ground up. Now, that is handled by another STL, so it seems that the wholesale transition to JS is not imminent.
  - Tomorrow some time for preparing an OS for deployments.
  - Reviews for Node mock interview.

- Q:
  - What external resources are you using outside of the TC material to catch up with the latest trends in web development?

Questions:
-

Miglė:
- React & Stores.
- Question:
- When fetching data with useEffect, for example to fetch from an external API, what to do with the initial state in the store in Zustand? Null, empty array or something else?

Andrej:
-
- Question:
  - React Profiler can be used in the production, but it increases the build size. Is it worth it to use it in production?

Katya:
- Started working on the capstone project.
- Vue.js and HTML canvas doesn't work quite well. They do not work quite well. Canvas should react to the refresh rate of the screen. Do you know any libraries that can help with that?

--- --- ---

Attendance:
  - Andrej
  - Katya
  - Svetlana

## Andrej

- Working on hands-on project, React Sprint 2.
- Questions:
  -

## Svetlana

- Had a slower week. Learning about Zustand and TypeScript. I tried to solve the exercise before the final project. I found it quite challenging. I decided to jump straight to the final project.
- Questions:
  - TypeScript question in React. I read that in most cases we uses React Node, previously we used React.JS element or JSX element. What are the differences between these two?
  - I takes too long to finish the course. It's too much, too overwhelming, I want to be done by this point. 1 year already.
- propTypes.

## Katya

-
- Questions:
  -

---

- When fetching data with useEffect how to correctly declare initial empty values in the store? Should it be null/undefined/empty object or array? Or is it better to fetch data and then create the store?
- Is it worth to profile react app in production or profiling in development mode is enough?
- In which cases is it better to use TS libraries?
- What external resources are you using outside of the TC material to catch up with the latest trends in web development?

---
