Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Worked on personal stuff last week.
  - Exploring new ideas with AI.

  Turing:
  - Discussed how we will implement a more incremental update to the material.

  ## This week:
  - Reviews for Node mock interview.

Questions:
  - How did you end up choosing your specialization module?

Artūras:
- First React project.
- Avoided complex logic.
- Started into React Hooks, they seem quite complicated, confusing.
- Question:
  - The so-called memoization hooks are trickiest: useMemo, useCallback. Is memoization the main technique to optimize React applications and rendering? Is it a good practice?
  - React normally re-renders a component whenever its parent re-renders. With memo, you can create a component that React will not re-render when its parent re-renders so long as its new props are the same as the old props. Such a component is said to be memoized.

Andrej:
-
- Question:
  - When will be ready for the mock interview?

Miglė:
- Finished the music player project, got my review.
- Question:
  - 

Svetlana:
- Question:
  - Tests in React - E2E, integration, unit tests. Is it necessary to test hooks and context if I create custom context?
  - Which library should we use for code coverage?

Katya:
- Started working on the capstone project.
- Question:
  - I want to have my back-end accessible from other appliacations. How to do that?

--- --- ---

Attendance:
  - Andrej
  - Katya
  - Svetlana

## Andrej

- Working on hands-on project, React Sprint 2.
- Questions:
  -

## Svetlana

- Had a slower week. Learning about Zustand and TypeScript. I tried to solve the exercise before the final project. I found it quite challenging. I decided to jump straight to the final project.
- Questions:
  - TypeScript question in React. I read that in most cases we uses React Node, previously we used React.JS element or JSX element. What are the differences between these two?
  - I takes too long to finish the course. It's too much, too overwhelming, I want to be done by this point. 1 year already.
- propTypes.

## Katya

-
- Questions:
  -

---

- When fetching data with useEffect how to correctly declare initial empty values in the store? Should it be null/undefined/empty object or array? Or is it better to fetch data and then create the store?
- Is it worth to profile react app in production or profiling in development mode is enough?
- In which cases is it better to use TS libraries?
- What external resources are you using outside of the TC material to catch up with the latest trends in web development?

---

- How to know when you are ready for (Mock) Technical Interview?
- Are all react's memorization hooks equally good for improving performance? Are their useage best practice in terms of performance?
- How do I test React hooks, including custom hooks? How do I  test context in React? How do I measure test coverage, and what tools can I use to generate coverage reports?

---