Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Project estimations for a client.
  - Fixed uptime monitoring.

  Turing:
  - Migrated most TypeORM stuff away from Module 3. It is taking more than I would like as TypeORM is used across various projects.
  - Streamlining some projects across sprints.
  - Had a few OS workshops. 7 learners.
  - Reviews for Node mock interview.
  - Transactions.

  ## This week:
  - Reviews for Node mock interview.
  - Continueing on TypeORM stuff.
  - Still continuing on some GDPR features from previous week. Half of the time it's development, other half is the client looking to cut some corners.

Questions:
  - Specializations.
  - Session on job search?

Liis:
- Final presentation in other school. Trying to get myself together and make it sometime.
- Question:
  - For endorsement process, we need to organize our GitHub accounts, what are best practices for that? What is relevant to keep public? I have quite many projects. I tried to figure out what to keep there.

Miglė:
- Observability, optimizing applications, music player project. I learn something new, I try to implement it. One thing I learned was about error handling, with error boundry as it catches errors from components that it wraps.
- At what stage do you start profiling the application. Should we do it while developing? In production, etc.?
- Question:
  - 

Svetlana:
- I work a lot, I try to study a bit every day, preparing for the interview. I am going through the material, I've completed the hands-on exercise. I had an exercise to render the movies on the database. ternary operator vs && groupBy.
- Question:
  - ternary operator vs && groupBy.

Katya:
- If it goes well, I will have to switch jobs quite fast. So, I am waiting for the answer, this is really difficult to manage. It has been a long time since I got an opportunity. Unfortunately, I get quite a few phone calls. In Vilnius.
- Question:
  - 

---

- How to know when you are ready for (Mock) Technical Interview?
- Are all react's memorization hooks equally good for improving performance? Are their useage best practice in terms of performance?
- How do I test React hooks, including custom hooks? How do I  test context in React? How do I measure test coverage, and what tools can I use to generate coverage reports?

---

- Difference in JavaScript's Grouping Methods: Object.groupBy and Map.groupBy
- What are the best practices for organizing GitHub repositories in a personal account, including decisions on what to keep public versus private and how to determine relevance?
- Is it better to use ? : operator or &&?
- At what stage of development do you begin profiling your application for optimization? Do you perform profiling periodically during development?
