Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Some tasks for a client's accounting team due to some exceptional cases.
  - Worked on updating some personal projects last week.

  ## This week:
  - It's a bit tricky to migrate away from Python to JS in the first module that teach JS from the ground up. Now, that is handled by another STL, so it seems that the wholesale transition to JS is not imminent.
  - Deploying the project on AWS. I suppose most would
  - Reviews for Node mock interview.
  - Sunday, Wednesday.

  ## Question:
    - What is the difference between unit tests and integration tests?
    - Your application starts to slow down as the number of users increases. What would you consider and in what order to scale the application?
      - CPU, Memory or I/O?
      - Profiler, benchmark.
      - Caching.
      - Vertical scaling.
      - Horizontal scaling.

--- --- ---

## Monika

- Wasn't learning this week due to personal reasons.
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION!?

## Tomas

- Pretty slow week, I went through some of the material. Whenever I start a new sprint, it's tricky to get going again. I will try to force the material for Sprint 3. I already wasted a lot of time.
- Not easy, but we have everything we need to succeed.
- Did you have question Tomas?
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION!?

## Adrien

- Running out of extensions for Sprint 3. Slight OCD to cover all the provided material.
- Close to finishing and submitting the project. Using OpenAI as a dependency. Trying to pass it via the context.
- Questions:
  - ...
  - When I run monorepo, the final solution in the hands-on, when I can see password in the payload, is it normal?
  - When I create a procedure, when I have a fetch call in my client, it was visible.

## Katya

- Security topic of the week. Microsoft Azure cloud service went down.
- Katya's Security Issue of the Week. Dealing with dates is a pain. You should always use the same timezone (UTC) and think of time linearly as a sequence of seconds. Nothing else. Months, weeks, years are just human constructs for the front-end and in some cases, for contracts.
- Questions:
  -

## Nikolaj

- Deep in the leet questions. Solve at least medium problems. Trying to learn PHP. Built-in array, heap, stack in PHP. Trying to apply to jobs already. Hopefully something will come up. Mock job interview, endorsement.
- Questions:
  - NO QUESTION.

---
