Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Still ongoing project on a major feature set.
  - Negotiations on GDPR contract.
  - The need to add some monitoring for one real-time feature. There were some complaints from the users about one issue which we, on development side, couldn't reproduce.

  Turing:
  - Discussed how we will implement a more incremental update to the material.
  - Finishing the guides for without TypeORM.
  - Working with a few more STLs on another course.

  ## This week:
  - Open Session today and on Sunday, everyone is welcome.
  - Will be a tough week, as I have relatives coming over and staying on my place for a week.

  ## Question:
  -

--- --- ---

- Is it a generally good idea to store non-sensitive data in user token?
- Marius: on holidays.
- Eglė:
  - Capstone project. Front-end + Back-end. Data fetching. When you do pagination? Is it better to fetch data one-time or in chunks?
    - How many records do you have?
    - How likely is it to change over time? If it is quite volatile?
    - UX/UI - infinite scroll - preloading ahead of time; predicting user intent.
- Some areas in the material where it is not completely clear yet. I would recommend asking questions immediately.
- Adrien: MacBook issues. I lost a feature due to a MacBook crash. I started with the deployment. It is not working. The deployment goes through, but when I try to call a tRPC endpoint. Connection refused. We could take look at it together.
- Artūras. I have finished going through React Sprint 2. Started working on the project in setup stage. I like doing setup logic in a single logic and see how it flows. After that, I start splitting logic into multiple files. I've had my first major bug with React during the review of the first project. Immutability of the state in React. It is important in React. I used the spread operator. It creates a shallow copy of the array, but not of objects. Artūras. No question.
- Akvilė. React project, preparing for the STL mock interview. Gathering my strength, trying to revise. I work right now on the project.
- Design patterns. What kind of design patterns? What are the telling signs that it is time to introduce design patterns. What could be the pitfalls?

## Andrej

- Didn't pass the coding interview. We agreed to have the 2nd interview. Other than that, I was watching an interview with inventor of JSON. JS has some bad stuff with the language, we should have another language.
- Questions:
  - Do you think that JavaScript will be replaced?

## Miglė

- Preparing for interview questions, leet code challenges. I will be preparing next week, I need more time, I want to come in prepared as I am scared enough. I am really glad that we have a sprint without a project, so we can focus on theoretical stuff. We always had to think about deadlines, now we can spend more time reading on React.
- No questions from me?
- Questions:
  - 

## Artūras

- I didn't feel the motivation the last week, I didn't do much, went through React Sprint 2 material - I saw one thing - event propagation. I thought about it as a trick question, didn't think about it that it could be used in a useful way.
- Questions:
  - 

## Svetlana

- I have been learning as well, going through the questions. I would like to have a project just to learn how context works. We used to work with Zustand before. How to use useCallback, useMemo. It's a simple weather application. I learned a lot.
- I always use fetch, sometimes we are using axios.
- Questions:
  - Is there any purpose to use axios over fetch?

## Nikolaj

- Did interview with Liis. The interview is about Live coding, there are no examples.
- There are no examples of what should be a treshold for failing, also, it's not clear what makes good grade. I personally will give high grades if the person finishes it in time. Something always breaks, it's always stressful.
- Great news. Entry level position! Wasn't the highest pay but it's a good start. Won't be able to finish Turing College, before I start working. No idea how.
- Questions:
  - Database and testing. Interesting paradigm in PHP where everything is wrapped in a transaction. Why didn't we use something like this in TypeScipt?

---

- Will JavaScript be replaced?
- Is there any reason to use axios over fetch?

--- --- ---

- Is it generally a good idea to store non-sensitive user data in a token (username, role etc.)?
- If I am displaying some data on frontend, let's say cards with information, based on the data I fetch from backend, and do Pagination or loading while scrolling. Is it better to fetch all data at once and then display it, o do a fetch every time a page is changed or user scrolls?
- My deployment goes through, it is successfully deployed, but the trpc endpoints throw error: Connection refused
- What are the telling signs it is time to introduce design patterns into the project? Are there any pitfalls to adding a design pattern too early into the project?
