Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Updated some internal packages.
  - Early prototyping of a new feature set for a client and negotiations surrounding it. Tomorrow another dev hill handle the initial discussions and I'll need to jump in if they're ready to proceed.

  Turing:
  - Discussed how we will implement a more incremental update to the material.

  ## This week:
  - Updating guides for Back-end modules to reflect migrated away TypeORM.
  - Some discussions on a new course.
  - Open Session today and on Sunday, everyone is welcome.

  ## Question:
    - How does Vercel work?
    <!-- - How does Vercel work? -->

--- --- ---

## Andrej

- Didn't pass the coding interview. We agreed to have the 2nd interview. Other than that, I was watching an interview with inventor of JSON. JS has some bad stuff with the language, we should have another language.
- Questions:
  - Do you think that JavaScript will be replaced?

## Miglė

- Preparing for interview questions, leet code challenges. I will be preparing next week, I need more time, I want to come in prepared as I am scared enough. I am really glad that we have a sprint without a project, so we can focus on theoretical stuff. We always had to think about deadlines, now we can spend more time reading on React.
- No questions from me?
- Questions:
  - 

## Artūras

- I didn't feel the motivation the last week, I didn't do much, went through React Sprint 2 material - I saw one thing - event propagation. I thought about it as a trick question, didn't think about it that it could be used in a useful way.
- Questions:
  - 

## Svetlana

- I have been learning as well, going through the questions. I would like to have a project just to learn how context works. We used to work with Zustand before. How to use useCallback, useMemo. It's a simple weather application. I learned a lot.
- I always use fetch, sometimes we are using axios.
- Questions:
  - Is there any purpose to use axios over fetch?

## Nikolaj

- Did interview with Liis. The interview is about Live coding, there are no examples.
- There are no examples of what should be a treshold for failing, also, it's not clear what makes good grade. I personally will give high grades if the person finishes it in time. Something always breaks, it's always stressful.
- Great news. Entry level position! Wasn't the highest pay but it's a good start. Won't be able to finish Turing College, before I start working. No idea how.
- Questions:
  - Database and testing. Interesting paradigm in PHP where everything is wrapped in a transaction. Why didn't we use something like this in TypeScipt?

---

- Will JavaScript be replaced?
- Is there any reason to use axios over fetch?
