Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Agency:
  - Still ongoing project on a major feature set.
  - The need to add some monitoring for one real-time feature. There were some complaints from the users about one issue which we, on development side, couldn't reproduce.

  Turing:
  - Discussed how we will implement a more incremental update to the material.
  - Finishing the guides for without TypeORM.
  - Working with a few more STLs on another course.

  ## This week:
  - Open Session today and on Sunday, everyone is welcome.

  ## Question:
  -

--- --- ---

## Svetlana

- Booked correction for the mock interview.
- Questions:
  - 

## Nikolaj

- Taking a break from Turing. Good thing that we covered Docker. Lots of propriatary setup. For the first two days, I couldn't write a single line of code. Got a Linux machine. First time Unix user. My PC was crashing, as it was using up all the memory. Finished 4.3 before. My STL let me watch my older code.
- Questions:
  - What's expected from an entry level developer? A couple of months. I signed so many papers.

## Katya

- I might need to transition to 
- Questions:
  - How do you organize real-life beta testing with users?

## Andrej

- My week was a bit slow. Everyone got sick in my family.
- Passed the mock interview, learned quite a lot on how to tackle interviews. I do not feel prepared for a real interview, I got lots of tips. I learned a lot about different rendering strategies on the web. Reading about them is not enough for me.
- Questions:
  - Do I need meta frameworks?

---

- Will JavaScript be replaced?
- Is there any reason to use axios over fetch?

---

- Are there some guidelines about how to plan, organize and execute beta-testing?
- usereducer vs usestate vs usecontext vs zustand
- What is expected from an Entry level engineer. How long do companies tolerate you if you're bad? :D
- Do I need a Meta-framework?
