Standup:

  ## Previous week:

  Slower week this time.

  Agency:
  - Had to revisit some older user flows that connect many features together. It is a bit hard to reason about due to their complexity and various edge-cases and possible things that could go wrong. So tests are the main thing to rely on. However, to have some confidence in some payment/contract stuff, E2E tests are needed and now they take just too long. It takes 1h+, one developer complained that it's not even possible to run through them on their machine as RAM just runs out.I am even considering pitching migration from Cypress to Playwright. Though, it is much harder to justify features that are no directly related to the product, but simply improve the development process by itself.

  Turing:
  - Finalizing the ORM migration, as always, finer details, grammar checks just take too much time.
  - Working with a few more STLs on another course.

  - I've got a notification that I will need to spend 3 weeks away from civilization. That's not great for agency and Turing.

  ## This week:
  - Open Session today and on Sunday, everyone is welcome.

  ## Question:
  -

--- --- ---

- Module 3 deployment changes.

## Svetlana

- Ecommerce website, selling clothes. How would payments work?
- Payments: Stripe | Paypal | Square | Paysera.
- Questions:
  - 

## Adrienn

- Issue with regions in AWS.
- Questions:
  - How deep you need to go with security guards?

## Tomas

- That would be my question:
- Container error, run out of quota for container services.
- Questions:
  - 

---

- Will JavaScript be replaced?
- Is there any reason to use axios over fetch?

--- --- ---

- Is it generally a good idea to store non-sensitive user data in a token (username, role etc.)?
- If I am displaying some data on frontend, let's say cards with information, based on the data I fetch from backend, and do Pagination or loading while scrolling. Is it better to fetch all data at once and then display it, o do a fetch every time a page is changed or user scrolls?
- My deployment goes through, it is successfully deployed, but the trpc endpoints throw error: Connection refused
- What are the telling signs it is time to introduce design patterns into the project? Are there any pitfalls to adding a design pattern too early into the project?
