- [ESLint](...) to enforce best code practices
- [vscode-icons](...) for better-looking file and folder icons

- **12:06** technically, [not everything is an object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Primitive) in JavaScript. The given example of `var x = 44` creates a primitive `number` which, when accessed, pretends to be an object by wrapping itself as an instance of a `Number` object.


**Pro tip:** Some methods in JavaScript will modify the original array (`sort`, `reverse`, `splice`, ...), while some will return a new array (`slice`, `map`, `filter`, `toSorted`, `toReversed`...).

## Promises, and Async functions (0.5 hours)

JavaScript is a single-threaded language, which means that it can only do one thing at a time. However, unlike Python, JavaScript is non-blocking, which means that it can do other things while waiting for a task to finish. This is done with **asynchronous functions**.

Watch this 5-minute introduction to **[JavaScript Promises and asynchronous functions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li7FzDHYZpc)**.

**Callbacks**

Some older code does not use Promises, but instead relies on **callback functions**. In essence, a callback function is a function that is passed as an argument to another function. The function that receives the callback function will call it at some point. This is a way to achieve asynchronous behavior in JavaScript.

Example of a callback function:

```js
function sayHello() {
  console.log('Hello!')
}

setTimeout(sayHello, 1000) // will call sayHello after 1 second
```

Callback functions are still used in some cases, especially when handling user interactions, but Promises are the preferred way of handling most asynchronous code.

## Error Handling (0.5 hour)

Error handling in JavaScript is quite standard. Take a moment to watch this brief **[Error Handling in JavaScript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFTFtuEQ-10)** video.

While using your JavaScript playground, try to determine the following:
  - What occurs when you throw an error (`throw new Error('Oops!')`) within the `catch` block?
  - What transpires if you return a value in the try block and also in the `finally` block?
  - What happens if you throw an error in the `catch` block and return a value in the `finally` block?
  - Is it possible to access a variable declared in the `try` block from the `catch` or `finally` block?

**Pro tip:** When is it appropriate to handle errors with `try/catch`? Generally, you should manage errors when you can address them effectively. For instance, if you are fetching data from an API, you should handle the error if you want to display a message to the user. If you are retrieving data from an API and wish to show a message to the user, but the API is down, then you should let the error bubble up.
